{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18200\viewh11880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Authors: Peter Adelson, Matthew Jennejohn, Julian Nyarko,. Eric Talley\
\
This codebook describes the data and variables contained in the DMA Corpus.\
   \
The data can be downloaded at https://github.com/padelson/dma_corpus. Please cite the above publication when using the data according to the work\'92s Creative Commons license.\
\
### General remarks ###\
When identifying the relevant text of a provision, we use four newline symbols ("\\n") to indicate non-consecutive paragraphs. For instance, if a contract includes two choice-of-forum provisions appearing in different places, they would be delimited by "\\n\\n\\n\\n". \
\
We use the following tags to identify the source of the data:\
.L: Generated and reviewed label.\
.KIRA: Automatically extracted using the contracts analytics platform Kira (www.kirasystems.com)\
\
### dma_corpus_metadata.csv ###\
The file dma_corpus_metadata.csv contains information about the content of the contracts. The variables are defined as follows:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 year: Year when agreement was announced .L\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 target_name: Name of the target company .L\
acquirer_name: Name of the acquirer .L\
date_announcement: Date when the agreement was announced .L\
url: URL of the agreement (on SEC's Edgar database) .L\
filename: Filename of the file containing the full contract downloaded from EDGAR .L\
metoo_text: Text of the #MeToo-provision (if available) .KIRA\
cof_text: Text of the choice-of-forum provision (if available) .KIRA\
col_text: Text of the choice-of-law provision (if available) .KIRA\
noshop_text: Text of the no-shop provision (if available) .KIRA\
mae_text: Text of the definition of "Material Adverse Event"  definition .KIRA\
fm_mae: Does the target MAE include a force majeure carve-out? .REGEX\
pandemic_mae: Does the target MAE include a pandemic carve-out? .REGEX\
\
\
### Contract files ###\
The filename field points to a file within the \'91contracts\'92 folder that contains the full original contract, as filed on EDGAR.\
}