 EXHIBIT 2.1   Exhibit 2.1    AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER   by and among   LAUNDRY HOLDING CO.,   LAUNDRY
MERGER SUB CO.   and   LINENS \'N THINGS, INC.   Dated as of November 8,
2005      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
(this "Agreement"), dated as of November 8, 2005, by and among Laundry
Holding Co., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Laundry Merger Sub Co., a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger
Sub"), and Linens \'n Things, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company").    W I T N E S S E T H:   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of
the Company has unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests
of the Company and the stockholders of the Company, and declared it
advisable, to enter into this Agreement with Parent and Merger Sub providing
for the merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub with and into the Company, in
accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
"DGCL") and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein,
(ii) approved this Agreement in accordance with the DGCL, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, and (iii) resolved to
recommend adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company;
and   WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent and the Board of Directors
of Merger Sub have unanimously approved, and the Board of Directors of Merger
Sub has declared it advisable for Merger Sub to enter into, this Agreement
providing for the Merger in accordance with the DGCL, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
THE MERGER   Section 1.1 The Merger. On the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time (as
defined below), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will thereupon
cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the
Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent.   Section 1.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing")
will take place at a time and on a date to be specified by the parties, which
is to be no later than the second Business Day after satisfaction or waiver
(to the extent permitted by applicable Law) of the conditions set forth in
Article VI (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied
until the Closing Date, but subject to the fulfillment or, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, waiver of those conditions), unless another time
or date is agreed to by the parties to this Agreement. The Closing will be
held at the offices of Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP, 101 Park Avenue, New
York, New York 10178, or such other location to which the parties to this
Agreement agree in writing. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is
hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date." "Business Day" means any day
other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banking and savings and loan
institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by Law to be
closed.      Section 1.3 Effective Time. On the Closing Date, the parties
shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger
(the "Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, in such form as is required by, and executed in accordance with,
the relevant provisions of the DGCL and the terms of this Agreement, and the
parties shall make all other filings or recordings required under the DGCL in
connection with the Merger. The Merger will become effective at such time as
the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware on the Closing Date, or at such subsequent date or time as
the Company and Parent agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger. The
date and time the Merger becomes effective is hereinafter referred to as the
"Effective Time".   Section 1.4 Effects of the Merger. The Merger will have
the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub will
be vested in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties
of the Company and Merger Sub will become the debts, liabilities and duties
of the Surviving Corporation.   Section 1.5 Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws. At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the
Company shall be amended so as to read in its entirety in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A and, as so amended, shall be the certificate of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in
accordance with its terms and applicable Law. At the Effective Time, the by-
laws of the Company shall be amended so as to read in its entirety in the
form annexed hereto as Exhibit B and, as so amended, shall be the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in accordance with their
terms, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and
applicable Law.   Section 1.6 Directors and Officers. The directors of the
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall submit their
resignations to be effective as of the Effective Time. Immediately after the
Effective Time, Parent shall take the necessary actions to cause the
directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time to be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance
with the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Surviving
Corporation. The officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be appointed by
the directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office until the
earlier of his or her resignation or removal.   ARTICLE II   EFFECT OF
THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS   Section 2.1
Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the
holders of any of the following securities:   -2-     (a) Each share of
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than any shares of Company Common Stock ("Shares") to be cancelled pursuant
to Section 2.1(b) (any Shares to be so cancelled, "Excluded Shares") and any
Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.4)) shall be converted into the
right to receive $28.00 in cash, without interest (the "Per Share Merger
Consideration").   (b) Each Share held in the treasury of the Company, or
owned by Parent, Merger Sub or owned by any wholly owned direct or indirect
Subsidiary of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, in each case immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be cancelled without any conversion
thereof and no consideration shall be paid with respect thereto.   (c) Each
share of common stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be converted into one share of common stock of
the Surviving Corporation.   Section 2.2 Treatment of Options and Other
Equity Awards. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all action
necessary with respect to the Company\'s (i) 1996 Incentive Compensation
Plan, (ii) 1996 Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, (iii) 2000 Stock Award and
Incentive Plan, (iv) Broad-Based Equity Plan, (v) 2004 Stock Award and
Incentive Plan and (vi) New Hire Authorization (collectively, the "Stock
Plans") such that:   (a) As of the Effective Time, each option (an "Option")
granted by the Company to purchase shares of Company Common Stock that is
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall become fully
vested and exercisable (whether or not then vested or subject to any
performance condition that has not been satisfied). At the Effective Time,
each Option not theretofore exercised shall be converted into the right to
receive, upon the exercise thereof and payment of the applicable exercise
price, an amount of cash, without interest, equal to the Per Share Merger
Consideration multiplied by each share of Company Common Stock subject to
such Option so exercised. Unless so exercised, each outstanding Option so
converted shall, immediately following such conversion be cancelled and, if
the Per Share Merger Consideration exceeds the exercise price per share of
Company Common Stock under such Option, in exchange therefor, each holder
thereof shall be entitled to receive, in cash, the product of (x) the total
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Option multiplied by
(y) such excess (with the aggregate amount of such payment to the holder to
be rounded to the nearest cent), less applicable Taxes, if any, required to
be withheld with respect to such payment.   (b) As of the Effective Time,
each outstanding share of Company Common Stock granted under any of the Stock
Plans that are subject to restrictions (each, a share of "Restricted Stock"),
which have not lapsed immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become
fully vested and, subject to Section 2.4, converted into the right to receive
the Per Share Merger Consideration under Section 2.1(a).   (c) As of the
Effective Time, each outstanding right to receive Company Common Stock
pursuant to a stock unit award or deferred stock award under any of the Stock
Plans (each a "Stock Unit") that is outstanding as of immediately prior to
the Effective Time, whether or not vested, shall be cancelled and the holder
thereof shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, without
interest, equal to the Per Share Merger Consideration, less applicable Taxes,
if any, required to be withheld with respect to such payment.   -3-    
(d) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take or cause to be taken
all actions necessary to effectuate the foregoing treatment in this Section
2.2 to the extent such treatment is not expressly provided for by the terms
of the applicable Stock Plans and related award agreements.   (e) The
Company shall take such actions as are reasonably requested by Parent to
ensure, as of immediately after the Effective Time, that no rights to acquire
equity in the Company granted under Stock Plans exist or
remain outstanding.   Section 2.3 Adjustment of Merger Consideration.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the issued and outstanding
Shares shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a
different class by reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, reclassification, redenomination, recapitalization, split-up,
combination, exchange of shares or other similar transaction, the Per Share
Merger Consideration and any other dependent items shall be appropriately
adjusted to provide to the holders of Company Common Stock the same economic
effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such action and as so
adjusted shall, from and after the date of such event, be the Per Share
Merger Consideration or other dependent item, subject to further adjustment
in accordance with this sentence.   Section 2.4 Dissenting Shares.   (a)
Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time and which are held by holders of Shares who have not voted in favor of
or consented to the Merger and who have properly demanded and perfected their
rights to be paid the fair value of such Shares in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL (the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into
the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, and the holders
thereof shall be entitled to only such rights as are granted by Section 262
of the DGCL; provided, however, that if any such stockholder of the Company
shall fail to perfect or shall effectively waive, withdraw or lose such
stockholder\'s rights under Section 262 of the DGCL, such stockholder\'s
Shares in respect of which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled to
receive fair value under Section 262 of the DGCL shall thereupon be deemed to
have been converted, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Per
Share Merger Consideration without any interest thereon in accordance with
the terms of Section 2.5.   (b) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt
notice of any notice received by the Company of intent to demand the fair
value of any Shares, withdrawals of such notices and any other instruments
served pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL and received by the Company and
(ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to the exercise of appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL. The
Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent or as
otherwise required by an order, decree, ruling or injunction of a court of
competent jurisdiction, make any payment with respect to any such exercise of
appraisal rights or offer to settle or settle any such rights.  
-4-     Section 2.5 Payment and Exchange of Certificates.   (a)
Following the date of this Agreement and in any event not less than three
Business Days prior to the mailing of the Proxy Statement to the stockholders
of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub shall designate a bank or trust company
reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as Paying Agent in connection
with the Merger (the "Paying Agent"). At or prior to the Effective Time,
Parent will provide to, or cause the Surviving Corporation to provide to, and
shall deposit in trust with, the Paying Agent, in accordance with
an agreement to be entered into between the Paying Agent and Parent
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, the aggregate
consideration to which stockholders of the Company become entitled under this
Article II. Until used for that purpose, the funds shall be invested by the
Paying Agent, as directed by Parent or the Surviving Corporation, in
obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of America or obligations
of an agency of the United States of America which are backed by the full
faith and credit of the United States of America, in commercial paper
obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors Services Inc. or
Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, or in deposit accounts, certificates of
deposit or banker\'s acceptances of, repurchase or reverse repurchase
agreements with, or Eurodollar time deposits purchased from, commercial
banks, each of which has capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating
more than $500 million (based on the most recent financial statements of the
banks which are then publicly available at the SEC or otherwise); provided
that no such investment or losses thereon shall affect the Per Share Merger
Consideration payable to former stockholders of the Company, and, in the
event that the net amount of such investments or losses result in such funds
being less than the aggregate amount required to be paid to former holders of
Shares not known to be Dissenting Shares, Parent shall promptly provide, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to promptly provide, additional funds
to the Paying Agent in the net amount of any such losses. Any interest
resulting from such investments shall be promptly paid to Parent.   (b)
Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each person who was a record holder of Company Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time, whose shares were converted
pursuant to this Article II into the right to receive the Per Share Merger
Consideration, (i) a form of letter of transmittal for use in effecting the
surrender of stock certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented Company Common Stock (each, a "Certificate") in order to receive
payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificate shall pass, only upon actual delivery of the Certificates to the
Paying Agent, and shall otherwise be in customary form) and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for
payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration. When the Paying Agent receives
a Certificate, together with a properly completed and executed letter of
transmittal and any other required documents, the Paying Agent shall pay to
the holder of the Shares formerly represented by the Certificate, or as
otherwise directed in the letter of transmittal, the Per Share Merger
Consideration with regard to each Share formerly represented by such
Certificate, less any required Tax withholdings in accordance with Section
2.5(c) below, and the Certificate shall be cancelled. No interest shall be
paid or accrued on the Per Share Merger Consideration payable upon the
surrender of Certificates. If payment is to be made to a Person other than
the Person in whose name a surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be
a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered must be
properly   -5-    endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer,
and the Person who surrenders the Certificate must provide funds for payment
of any transfer or other Taxes required by reason of the payment to a Person
other than the registered holder of the surrendered Certificate or establish
to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that the Tax has been paid
or is not applicable. After the Effective Time, a Certificate shall represent
only the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of
the Shares formerly represented by such Certificate, without any interest
thereon.   (c) The Paying Agent may withhold from the sum payable to any
Person as a result of the Merger, and pay to the appropriate Taxing
Authorities, any amounts which the Paying Agent or the Surviving Corporation
may be required (or may reasonably believe it is required) to withhold under
the Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law. Any sum which
is withheld and paid to a Taxing Authority as permitted by this Section 2.5
will be deemed to have been paid to the Person with regard to whom it is
withheld.   (d) In the event that any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the holder\'s compliance with the replacement
requirements established by the Paying Agent, including, if necessary, the
posting by the holder of a bond in customary amount as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to the Certificate, the Paying
Agent shall deliver in exchange for the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate
the applicable Per Share Merger Consideration payable in respect of the
Shares formerly represented by the Certificate pursuant to this Article
II.   (e) At any time which is more than 180 days after the Effective
Time, Parent shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it
any funds which had been deposited with the Paying Agent and have not been
disbursed in accordance with this Article II (including, without limitation,
interest and other income received by the Paying Agent in respect of the
funds made available to it), and after the funds have been delivered to
Parent, Persons entitled to payment in accordance with this Article II shall
be entitled to look solely to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat
or other similar Laws) for payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration upon
surrender of the Certificates held by them, without any interest thereon. Any
Per Share Merger Consideration remaining unclaimed as of a date which is
immediately prior to such time as such amounts would otherwise escheat to or
become property of any government entity shall, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, become the property of Parent free and clear of any Liens,
claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto. Neither the
Surviving Corporation, Parent nor the Paying Agent will be liable to any
Person entitled to payment under this Article II for any consideration which
is delivered to a public official pursuant to any abandoned property, escheat
or similar Law. Any portion of the funds deposited with the Paying Agent
pursuant to Section 2.5(a) as consideration for Shares that become Dissenting
Shares shall be delivered to Parent on demand.   (f) At the Effective Time,
the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter there
shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares that were outstanding
prior to the Effective Time. After the Effective Time, Certificates presented
to the Surviving Corporation for transfer shall be cancelled and exchanged
for the Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of the Shares formerly
represented thereby.   -6-     ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY    The Company hereby represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub:   Section 3.1 Organization, Standing and Corporate
Power. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation or other
legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with
respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
other power, as the case may be, and authority to carry on its business as
now being conducted. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for those
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have or result in
a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Parent prior to
the execution of this Agreement complete and correct copies of
its certificate of incorporation and by-laws and the analogous constitutive
and governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries, each as amended to the
date of this Agreement, and as so made available are in full force and
effect, and no other such documents are binding upon the Company or any
Company Subsidiary. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in
violation of any of the provisions of any such document.   Section 3.2
Subsidiaries. All outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, each subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "Company
Subsidiaries" and, together with the Company, the "Company Entities") (i)
have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and (ii)
are free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Except as set
forth in Section 3.2 of the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to
Parent prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure
Letter"), all outstanding shares of capital stock (or equivalent equity
interests of entities other than corporations) of each of the Company
Subsidiaries are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company.
Section 3.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete
list of each Company Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization. Except for the Company Subsidiaries, the Company does not own
any capital stock of or other equity interest in, or any interest convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for any capital stock of or other equity
interest in, any other Person.   Section 3.3 Capital Structure.   (a) As
of November 7, 2005, the authorized capital stock of the Company consisted of
135,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of the
Company preferred stock, $0.01 par value ("Company Preferred Stock"). As
of November 7, 2005, there were 45,383,816 shares of Company Common Stock
issued and outstanding, no shares of Company Preferred Stock outstanding and
262,238 shares of Company Common Stock held in the Company\'s treasury. As of
the date of this Agreement, no shares of Company Common Stock or Company
Preferred Stock are   -7-    reserved for issuance, except for shares of
Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
Options and vesting or other termination of restrictions on Stock Units
granted pursuant to the Stock Plans. All of the issued and outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. No Company Subsidiary owns any
shares of Company Common Stock.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.3(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter and referred to in Section 3.3(a), as of the
date of this Agreement, (1) there are not issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding (i) any shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
Company, (ii) any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, or (iii) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to
acquire from the Company or any Company Subsidiary any capital stock, voting
securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
capital stock or voting securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
and (2) there are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or
sold, any capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary. Except for the Stock Units granted
pursuant to the Stock Plans (which Stock Units are set forth in
Section 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter) and except for any
obligations the Company may have to acquire Stock Unit shares upon vesting to
satisfy tax withholding obligations related thereto, there are no outstanding
contractual obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Common Stock or other
capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or affiliate or to provide funds to make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in
any Company Subsidiary or any other person, nor has the Company or any
Company Subsidiary granted or agreed to grant to any person any stock
appreciation rights or similar equity-based rights. Except as permitted by
this Agreement, following the Merger neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary nor the Surviving Corporation will have any obligation to issue,
transfer or sell any shares of its capital stock or other equity interest
pursuant to any employee benefit plan or otherwise.   (c) Section 3.3 of the
Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all Options
that are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, including with respect
to each such Option the holder thereof, the number of Shares for which such
Option is exercisable, the grant date, expiration date, exercise price and
the Stock Plan pursuant to which such Option was issued.   (d) There are no
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is a party with respect to the voting of the capital
stock of or other equity interest in the Company or any Company
Subsidiary.   (e) CVS Corporation is no longer a "Principal Stockholder" and
the "CVS Group" owns less than 5% of the "Voting Power", with each such term
being used as defined in the certificate of incorporation of the Company.  
-8-     Section 3.4 Authority. The Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, subject to the
Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the
Company, subject, in the case of the Merger, to receipt of the Stockholder
Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and
Merger Sub, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
as the enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar Laws
generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity
principles. The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously,
by resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held, (i) duly and
validly approved and declared advisable this Agreement, (ii) determined that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are advisable and in the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders and (iii) resolved to
recommend to such stockholders that they vote in favor of the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   Section 3.5 Non-Contravention; Consents and
Approvals. Except as set forth in Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure
Letter:   (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
compliance with the provisions of this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or analogous constitutive or
governing documents (the "Charter Documents") of any of the Company Entities,
(ii) result in any breach, violation or default (with or without notice or
lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or creation or acceleration of any obligation or right of a
third party or loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of any of the Company Entities under,
any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, Lease or other
agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license or other
authorization applicable to any of the Company Entities or their respective
properties or assets or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other
matters referred to in Section 3.5(b), conflict with or violate any judgment,
order, decree or Law applicable to any of the Company Entities or their
respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or
Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect and that would not
prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger.   (b) No consent,
approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local or
foreign government, any court, administrative, regulatory or
other governmental agency, commission or authority or any non-governmental
United States or foreign self-regulatory agency, commission or authority or
any arbitral tribunal (each, a "Governmental Entity") or any third party is
required by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the
transactions   -9-    contemplated hereby, except for: (i) the filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of (A) a proxy
statement relating to the Stockholders Meeting (such proxy statement, as
amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy Statement") and (B)
such reports under Section 13(a), 13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) or such other
applicable sections of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) the filing of the Certificate of
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; (iii) the filing
of a premerger notification and report form by the Company under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act")
or filing under any other applicable foreign competition or investment law,
including without limitation notification under the Competition Act, R.S.C.
1985, c. C-34, as amended (the "Competition Act (Canada)") or Investment
Canada Act, R.S. 1985, c. 28 (1st Supp.), as amended (the "Investment Canada
Act"); (iv) notifications to the NYSE; and (v) such consents,
approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect and that would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger.   Section 3.6 SEC Reports and
Financial Statements; Comparable Net Sales.   (a) The Company has filed or
otherwise transmitted all forms, reports, statements, certifications and
other documents (including all exhibits, supplements and amendments thereto)
required to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 2002
(collectively, with any amendments thereto, the "SEC Reports"), each of
which, including any financial statements or schedules included therein, as
finally amended prior to the date hereof, has complied as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and the Exchange Act, each as in
effect on the date so filed. None of the SEC Reports contained, when filed as
finally amended prior to the date hereof, any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
or incorporated by reference therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. Except as set forth in Section 3.6(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, as of the date hereof, there are no outstanding or
unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC staff with
respect to any of the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in Section 3.6(a) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, each of (i) the consolidated balance sheets
included in the SEC Reports (including the related notes and schedules) were
prepared from and in accordance with the books and records of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries and in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis
throughout the periods covered and fairly present, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and (ii) the
related consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows and stockholders\'
equity included in the SEC Reports (including any related notes and
schedules) were prepared from and in accordance with the books and records of
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and in accordance with GAAP applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered and fairly present, in
all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries for the periods indicated (subject, in
the case of the unaudited quarterly financial statements referenced in each
of clauses (i) and (ii), to normal recurring year-end audit adjustments and
the absence of full footnote disclosure).   -10-     (b) Section 3.6(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the Company\'s comparable net
sales (including the calculation methodology for such comparable net sales)
for the fiscal years ending January 1, 2005, January 3, 2004 and January 1,
2003, each of which was the basis for the comparable net sales percentage
changes reported in the Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for such fiscal
year.   Section 3.7 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any
of the Company Subsidiaries has any Liabilities of a nature required by GAAP
to be reflected in a consolidated balance sheet or the notes thereto,
except Liabilities that (i) are accrued or reserved against in the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and each Company subsidiary as of
July 2, 2005 included in the SEC Reports (the "Most Recent Balance Sheet") or
are set forth in the notes thereto, (ii) were incurred in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice since the date of the Most Recent
Balance Sheet, (iii) are incurred pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, or (iv) would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. As used herein,
"Liabilities" means any and all liabilities, indebtedness, losses, damages,
obligations, claims, demands, judgments or settlements of any nature or kind,
in each case whether due or to become due, accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise.   Section 3.8 Material Contracts. Except as set forth in Section
3.8 of the Company Disclosure Letter, except as set forth as an exhibit
pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC to the Company\'s
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement and except for the
Leases (including any guarantees of the Leases):   (a) As of the date
hereof, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to or bound
by any: (i) contract that would be required to be, but has not been, filed by
the Company as a material contract pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K of the SEC; (ii) except as contemplated by this Agreement, written
contract containing covenants of the Company or any Company Subsidiary not to
compete in any line of business, industry or geographical area; (iii) written
contract which creates a partnership or joint venture or similar arrangement;
(iv) indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement,
guarantee, note, mortgage or other evidence of indebtedness or agreement
providing for indebtedness in excess of $5,000,000, or any guaranty thereof;
(v) contract or a related series of contracts (other than this Agreement) for
the sale of any of its assets after the date hereof with proceeds of such
sale or net book value of such assets in excess of $10,000,000; (vi)
any contract that has a remaining term as of the date of this Agreement of
two years or more and by its terms provides for aggregate payments over the
remaining term of such contract of $2,500,000 or more; (vii) any contract
which cannot be terminated on 90 days\' notice without payment of any penalty
or other stated obligation (excluding the particular goods or services
covered by the contract) on the part of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
of more than $2,000,000; or (viii) any other contract (other than this
Agreement and purchase orders for the purchase of inventory consistent with
past practice and in the ordinary course of business) under which the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries have made payments in excess of $25,000,000
within the last three years. Each contract described in clauses (i)-(viii) is
referred to herein as a "Material Contract".   -11-     (b) Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
is in breach of or default under any Material Contract, (ii) neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice or claim
of default under any Material Contract or any written notice of an intention
to terminate, not renew or challenge the validity or enforceability of any
Material Contract (including as a result of the execution and performance
of this Agreement), (iii) each of the Material Contracts is in full force
and effect, and is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company,
each of the other parties thereto, and (iv) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, each of the other parties
thereto, have performed all respective obligations required to be performed
by them to date under the Material Contracts and are not (with or without the
lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default
thereunder. The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies
of each Material Contract, including all amendments thereto.   Section 3.9
Compliance with Applicable Laws. Except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the
Company Disclosure Letter:   (a) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries
are not (and have not been since December 31, 2004) in violation of any Law,
and have not received any written notice of any violation of Law, in each
case except for any violation or possible violation that would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have, and are (and have been
since December 31, 2004) in compliance with, all permits, licenses,
authorizations, exemptions, orders, consents, approvals and franchises from
Governmental Entities (each, a "Permit") required to conduct their respective
businesses as now being conducted, except for any such Permit, the absence
of, or the non-compliance, with which would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   (b)
Since the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company has been
and is in compliance in all material respects with (i) the
applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") and (ii) the
applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of the
NYSE.   (c) The Company has designed, established and maintained
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as required by Rule 13a-15(a) under the Exchange Act
to ensure, among other things, that material information relating to the
Company, including the Company Subsidiaries, is made known to the chief
executive officer and the chief financial officer of the Company by others
within those entities.   (d) The Company has disclosed, based on its most
recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to the Company\'s auditors and
the audit committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (i) any
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information and (ii) any fraud or allegation of fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the Company\'s internal controls over financial
reporting. The Company and each Company Subsidiary currently maintains a
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to comply with all legal
requirements applicable to financial reporting by the Company and its
Subsidiaries.   -12-     (e) As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of
the Company, the Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which has
not been remedied in all material respects. To the Company\'s knowledge,
there is no reason to believe that its auditors and its chief executive
officer and chief financial officer will not be able to give the
certifications and attestations required pursuant to the rules and
regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
when next due.   (f) Since the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has made any loan to, extended or
maintained credit, or arranged for or maintained an extension of credit to or
for any executive officer (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) or
director of the Company.   (g) None of the Company Subsidiaries is, or has
at any time been, subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13(a) or
15(d) under the Exchange Act.   Section 3.10 Employment Agreements and
Benefit Plans. Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure
Letter:   (a) Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
true and complete list of (i) each United States bonus, pension, profit
sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership,
stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation,
disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical insurance, life
insurance, welfare, severance or other employee benefit plan, agreement,
arrangement or understanding maintained by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary contributes or
is obligated to contribute or with respect to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary has any liability, including each multiemployer plan (a
"Multiemployer Plan") (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (collectively,
the "Benefit Plans") and (ii) each employment, consulting or change of
control agreement providing benefits to any current or former employee,
officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is bound (collectively, the "Employment Agreements").
The Company has made available to Parent a true and correct copy of each
Benefit Plan and Employment Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the
term "Foreign Plan" refers to each plan, agreement, arrangement or
understanding that is subject to or governed by the Laws of any jurisdiction
other than the United States other than any such plan, the establishment or
maintenance of which is mandated by applicable Law, and that would have been
treated as a Benefit Plan had it been a United States plan, agreement,
arrangement or understanding. Section 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter sets forth a true and correct list of the Foreign Plans. With respect
to each Benefit Plan, Employment Agreement and Foreign Plan (collectively,
the ("Employment Agreements and Plans"), no event has occurred and there
exists no condition or set of circumstances in connection with which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary would reasonably be expected to be subject
to any liability that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.   -13-     (b)
No Benefit Plan is a (i) "defined benefit plan" within the meaning of section
414(j) of the Code, or (ii) a Multiemployer Plan. No Foreign Plan is, or has
been in the preceding five years, a "defined benefit plan" within the meaning
of applicable Canadian federal or provincial pension standards.   (c) Each
Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) is in compliance with, and has
been administered in accordance with, its terms, all applicable Laws,
including ERISA and the Code, and the terms of all applicable
collective bargaining agreements, except for any failures to administer any
Benefit Plan that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Benefit Plan
(other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a), 401(k) or 4975(e)(7) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter from the IRS as to its qualified status and no fact or
event has occurred which is reasonably likely to affect adversely the
qualified status of any such Benefit Plan or the exempt status of any related
trust, except for any occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse
Effect. All trusts providing funding for Benefit Plans that are intended to
comply with Section 501(c)(9) of the Code are exempt from federal income
taxation and, together with any other welfare benefit funds (as defined in
Section 419(e)(1) of the Code) maintained in connection with any of the
Benefit Plans, have been operated and administered in compliance with all
applicable requirements, except where a failure to comply with such
requirements would not reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Each Foreign Plan is in compliance with, and has
been administered in accordance with, its terms and applicable Laws, except
for any failures so to administer any Foreign Plan that, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have or result in a
Material Adverse Effect.   (d) No Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer
Plan) or Foreign Plan provides medical or life insurance benefits (whether or
not insured) with respect to current or former employees or officers or
directors after retirement or other termination of service, other than any
such coverage required by Law, and the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
have reserved all rights necessary to amend or terminate each of the Benefit
Plans without the consent of any other person.   (e) The consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including obtaining
Stockholder Approval) will not, either alone or in combination with another
event, entitle any current or former employee, officer or director of the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries to severance pay, unemployment
compensation or any other payment or benefit or the acceleration, vesting or
funding (through grantor trust or otherwise) of any benefit.   (f) Neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement, contract
or arrangement (including this Agreement) that would reasonably be likely to
result, separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of any "excess
parachute payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code as a
result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including obtaining Stockholder Approval (either alone or
in combination with other events). None of the Employment Agreements and
Plans provides for the reimbursement of excise taxes under Section 4999 of
the Code or any income taxes under the Code.   -14-     (g) With
respect to each Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) and each
Foreign Plan, the Company has delivered or made available to Parent a
true and complete copy of: (i) each writing constituting a part of such
Benefit Plan, including all Benefit Plan documents and trust agreements; (ii)
the three most recent Annual Reports (Form 5500 Series) and accompanying
schedules, if any; (iii) the most recent annual financial report, if any;
(iv) the most recent actuarial report, if any; (v) the most recent summary
plan description and any summaries of material modification, if any, and (vi)
the most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service, if
any.   (h) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in the ordinary course),
lawsuits or arbitrations that have been asserted or instituted against the
Benefit Plans or Foreign Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to their
duties to the Benefit Plans or Foreign Plans or the assets of any of the
trusts under any of the Benefit Plans or Foreign Plans.   (i) No direct,
contingent or secondary liability has been incurred or is expected to be
incurred by the Company or any Company Subsidiary under Title IV of ERISA to
any party with respect to any Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or with
respect to any other plan presently or heretofore maintained or
contributed to by any Person who is, or at any time was, a member of a
controlled group (within the meaning of Section 412(n)(6)(B) of the Code)
that includes, or at any time included the Company or any Affiliate thereof,
or any predecessor of the foregoing (an "ERISA Affiliate"), other than for
premiums payable to the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA.   (j) Neither the
Company, any Company Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any
liability for any tax imposed under Chapter 43 of the Code or civil liability
under Section 502(i) or (1) of ERISA, and no tax has been incurred under
Section 511 of the Code with respect to any Benefit Plan (or trust or other
funding vehicle pursuant thereto).   Section 3.11 Taxes. Except as set forth
in Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter: (a) the Company and each
Company Subsidiary has filed all Tax Returns required to be filed, and all
such returns are complete and accurate, other than such Tax Returns, the
failure of which to file or the inaccuracy of which has not had or would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect; (b) the Most Recent Balance Sheet reflects an adequate
reserve in accordance with GAAP (the "Tax Reserve") for all Taxes for which
the Company or any Company Subsidiary may be liable for all taxable periods
and portions thereof through the date thereof; (c) the Company and each
Company Subsidiary has paid all Taxes due, except for Taxes as to which the
Tax Reserve is adequate; (d) there are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets
of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, other than Liens for Taxes
not yet due or Liens for Taxes as to which the Tax Reserve is adequate; (e)
neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has any liability for
Taxes of any person (other than the Company and the Company Subsidiaries)
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any comparable provision of
Law) or as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise, except for
Taxes as to which the Tax Reserve is adequate; (f) neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary is a party to any agreement relating to the allocation
or sharing of Taxes; (g) no deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed,
asserted or assessed against the Company or any Company Subsidiary that have
not been paid, except for deficiencies as to which the Tax Reserve is
adequate, and there is no audit,   -15-    examination, deficiency,
refund litigation, proposed adjustment or matter in controversy with respect
to any Taxes due and owing by the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (h) the
Company and each Company Subsidiary has withheld and paid all material Taxes
required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid
or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or
other third party, except for Taxes as to which the Tax Reserve is adequate;
(i) since December 2, 1996 (the "Spin-Off Date") neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has distributed stock of another person or has had its
stock distributed by another person, in a transaction that was purported or
intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 or Section 361 of
the Code; (j) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has participated
in any "reportable transaction" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6011-4(b) or a "potentially abusive tax shelter" within the meaning
(prior to its amendment by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004) of Section
6112(b) of the Code; (k) the consolidated federal income Tax Returns of the
Company have been examined and such examinations have been completed
with respect to all taxable years through and including 2000; (l) neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has (i) entered into a closing agreement
or other similar agreement with a taxing authority relating to Taxes of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary with respect to a taxable period for which
the statute of limitations is still open, or (ii) except with respect to
extensions attributable to the statute of limitations in connection with
sales and use Taxes and state income Taxes, in either case for which the
corresponding Tax Reserve is adequate, granted any consent to extend any
statute of limitations with respect to, or any extension of a period for the
assessment of, any Tax, in either case, that is still outstanding; and (m)
since the Spin-Off Date neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is or
has ever been a member of any affiliated, combined, consolidated, unitary or
similar Tax group that included any member other than the Company or a
Company Subsidiary.   Section 3.12 Environmental Matters.   (a) Except
where failure to hold or noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse
Effect, the Company Entities hold all Environmental Permits required under
applicable Environmental Laws and are and have been for the past five years
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and
Environmental Permits.   (b) There are no Environmental Claims pending
against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for matters that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (c) The Company has made available to
Parent all material information, including such studies, reports,
correspondence, notices of violation, requests for information, audits,
analyses and test results in the possession, custody or control of the
Company Entities or any legal advisors thereto relating to (i) the Company
Entities\' present compliance or noncompliance within the past five years
with Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, and (ii)
Environmental Conditions on, under or about any of the properties owned,
leased or operated by any of the Company Entities for which any of the
Company Entities may be responsible or liable as a result of a written
Environmental Claim, which, in the case of both clause (i) and clause (ii)
above, would reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse
Effect.   -16-     (d) Within the past five years, none of the Company
or the Company Subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Entity or
other third party any written notice that any of them or any of their
predecessors is or may be a potentially responsible party in respect of, or
may otherwise bear liability for, any actual or threatened Release of any
Hazardous Substance at any site or facility that is or has been listed on the
National Priorities List, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Information System, the National Corrective Action
Priority System or any similar or analogous list, schedule, inventory or
database, except where the potential liability would not reasonably be
expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (e) None of the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries has assumed, undertaken or otherwise
become subject to any liability of any other person relating to or arising
from Environmental Laws, except for such liabilities that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect.   (f) Except as set forth in Section
3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there has been no release or
threatened release of Hazardous Substances that would be reasonably expected
to cause Liability to the Company or any Company Subsidiary under applicable
Environmental Laws at any current or former property owned or operated by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or any predecessor thereof or any off-site
facility to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any predecessor
thereto shipped Hazardous Substances for treatment, storage, handling or
disposal, except where the potential Liability would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse
Effect.   (g) Consummation of the Merger will not require approval by
any Governmental Entity under New Jersey\'s Industrial Site Recovery Act.  
(h) Notwithstanding any other representations and warranties in
this Agreement, the representations and warranties in this Section 3.12 are
the only representations and warranties in this Agreement with respect to
Environmental Laws or Hazardous Substances.   (i) As used in this
Agreement:   (i) the term "Environment" means soil, surface waters, ground
water, land, stream sediment, surface and subsurface strata, ambient air,
indoor air or indoor air quality;   (ii) the term "Environmental Claim"
means any written demand, suit, action, proceeding, order, investigation or
notice to any of the Company Entities by any person alleging any potential
liability under any Environmental Law;   (iii) the term "Environmental
Laws" means all Laws relating to pollution or protection of the Environment;
emissions, discharges, Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous
Substances; threats to human health or ecological resources arising from
exposure to Hazardous Substances; or the manufacture, generation, processing,
distribution, use, sale, treatment, receipt, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of Hazardous Substances; "Environmental Laws" also include those
portions of Laws relating to workplace health and safety that address any of
the matters set forth above;   -17-     (iv) the term "Hazardous
Substance" means any chemical, substance or waste that is regulated under any
Environmental Law as toxic, hazardous or radioactive or as a pollutant or a
contaminant and any substance that is or contains asbestos which may become
friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls
("PCBs"), mold, petroleum or petroleum products, including without limitation
crude oil and any fractions thereof, natural gas, synthetic gas and any
mixture thereof, leaded paints or radon gas;   (v) the term "Release" means
any releasing, disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, pumping,
pouring, leaching, dumping, emitting, escaping, emptying, migrating, placing
or otherwise entering into the Environment (including the abandonment or
discarding of barrels, containers, and other closed receptacles containing
any Hazardous Substances);   (vi) the term "Environmental Condition" means
any contamination, damage, injury or other condition related to Hazardous
Substances and includes any present or former Hazardous Substance treatment,
storage, or disposal or recycling units, underground storage tanks,
wastewater treatment or management systems, wetlands, sumps, lagoons,
impoundments, landfills, ponds, incinerators, wells, materials containing
asbestos which may become friable, lead paint or PCB-containing materials;
and   (vii) the term "Environmental Permit" means all Permits required
by any Governmental Entity in connection with any Environmental Law,
including without limitation all consent orders and binding agreements issued
or entered into by any Governmental Entity, and the timely submission of
applications for Permits, as required under Environmental Laws.   Section
3.13 Labor Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of the Company
Disclosure Letter: (a) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a
party to or bound by any contract, collective bargaining agreement or
works council agreement with any labor or similar organization; (b) there are
no pending organizational activities or demands in writing for recognition
or certification by a labor organization seeking to represent employees of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (c) there is no pending labor dispute,
strike or work stoppage against the Company or Company Subsidiaries; (d)
there are no charges, appeals or Actions against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary pending before or by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,
the Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the
National Labor Relations Board or any other comparable Governmental Entity
which are material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a
whole; (e) except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has received notice during the past year of the intent of
any Governmental Entity responsible for the enforcement of labor, employment,
occupational health and safety or workplace safety and insurance/workers
compensation laws to conduct an investigation of or affecting the Company or
a Company Subsidiary; (f) there are no outstanding material assessments,
penalties, fines, liens, charges, surcharges, or other amounts due or owing
by the Company or Company Subsidiaries pursuant to any workplace safety and
insurance Laws which are material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken
as a whole; (g) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been
reassessed in any material respect under such Laws during the past year; (h)
there are no claims which are reasonably likely to materially affect the
accident cost experience of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; and (i)
except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Laws relating to employment and employment practices, occupational health and
safety, pay equity, wages, hours and terms and conditions of employment.  
-18-     Section 3.14 Intellectual Property.   (a) Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries own all right,
title, and interest in, or have the right to use, pursuant to a license or
otherwise, in each case, free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens,
all Intellectual Property required to operate their respective businesses as
presently conducted (the "Company Intellectual Property"). Section 3.14 of
the Company Disclosure Letter lists all registrations and applications for
Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, and all such registrations and applications are subsisting and
unexpired. As of the date hereof, except as set forth in Section 3.14 of the
Company Disclosure Letter and except as would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (i)
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written
notice of any claims or threatened Actions alleging a
violation, misappropriation or infringement of the Intellectual Property of
any other Person, except for any of the foregoing that have since been
finally resolved; (ii) the operation of the business of the Company and each
Company Subsidiary as currently conducted, and the Company Intellectual
Property, do not violate, misappropriate or infringe the Intellectual
Property of any other Person; (iii) no other Person has violated,
misappropriated or infringed the Company Intellectual Property owned by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; (iv) there are no Actions pending or, to
the Company\'s knowledge, threatened in writing, challenging the ownership,
enforceability, validity or use of any Company Intellectual Property owned by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary; and (v) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries take and have taken commercially reasonable actions to maintain
and preserve their material Company Intellectual Property.   (b) As used
herein, "Intellectual Property" means all United States or foreign
intellectual property, including (i) inventions, patents, patent applications
and patent disclosures, together with all reissuances, continuations,
continuations-in-part, divisions, revisions, extensions and reexaminations
thereof, (ii) trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, corporate names,
domain names, trade dress, including all goodwill associated therewith, and
all applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith, (iii)
copyrights and copyrightable works and all applications, registrations and
renewals in connection therewith, (iv) trade secrets and confidential
business information, whether or not subject to statutory registration
(including research and development, know-how, formulas, compositions,
manufacturing and production processes and techniques, methods, schematics,
technology, technical data, designs, drawings, flowcharts, block diagrams,
specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information and
business and marketing plans and proposals), (v) computer software (including
source code, databases and related documentation), (vi) other proprietary
rights whether now known or hereafter recognized in any jurisdiction, (vii)
copies and tangible embodiments of all of the foregoing, as well as related
documentation in whatever form or medium, and (viii) the right to sue for
infringement and past payment, if any, in connection with any of
the foregoing.   -19-     Section 3.15 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
and except for liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, since July 2, 2005:   (a) the Company has
conducted its operations in all material respects in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice;   (b) there has not been a Material Adverse
Effect, or any change, effect, event, occurrence or state of facts that
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect;   (c) the Company has not (A) declared, set aside
or paid any dividends on, or made any other distributions in respect of, any
of its capital stock other than dividends and distributions by a direct or
indirect wholly owned Company Subsidiary to its parent, (B) split, combined
or reclassified any of its capital stock, or (C) except as required pursuant
to agreements entered into with respect to the Stock Plans, purchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired any shares of capital stock of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any
rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other
securities;   (d) the Company has not issued or authorized the issuance of,
delivered or sold any shares of its capital stock (or any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for, shares of its capital stock),
any other voting securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such
shares, voting securities or convertible securities, other than (A) as
required pursuant to Employment Agreements and Plans in effect on the date of
this Agreement and set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter and (B) the
issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of the Options
set forth on Section 3.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter under the Stock
Plans or in connection with other awards or issuances of Common Stock under
the Stock Plans, in any such case, outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement and in accordance with their terms as in effect on the date of this
Agreement;   (e) the Company has not amended its Charter Documents;   (f)
the Company has not incurred any long-term or short-term indebtedness for
borrowed money other than pursuant to its credit agreements in effect at
the time, or indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice under uncommitted lines of credit;   (g) the
Company has not changed the accounting principles used by it unless required
by GAAP (or, if applicable with respect to foreign subsidiaries, the relevant
foreign generally accepted accounting principles) or any
Governmental Entity;   (h) the Company has not acquired by merging or
consolidating with, by purchasing any equity interest in or a substantial
portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any significant business or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof, or otherwise acquired any assets that are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to the Company Entities, taken as a whole,
except for (A) the purchase of assets from suppliers or vendors in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) items
reflected in the capital plan of the Company previously made available to
Parent;   -20-     (i) the Company has not made any loans, advances or
capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person, except for (A)
loans, advances, capital contributions or investments between any wholly
owned Company Subsidiary and the Company or another wholly owned Company
Subsidiary, (B) employee advances for expenses in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, (C) ordinary course proprietary
credit card transactions consistent with past practice or (D) loans or
advances which are immaterial in amount, both individually and in the
aggregate;   (j) the Company has not (A) filed any material Tax Return or
claim for refund with any taxing authority; (B) made, revoked or changed a
material Tax election with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary;
(C) changed a material method of reporting income or deductions for Tax
purposes with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (D) consented
to extend the period of limitations for the payment or assessment of any Tax
with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary; or (E) settled or
compromised any material Tax liability or refund of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; and   (k) the Company has not made, authorized or
entered into any commitment with respect to any capital expenditure, other
than as provided for in the capital plan of the Company attached in Section
3.15 of the Company Disclosure Letter.   Section 3.16 Voting Requirements.
The affirmative vote at the Stockholders Meeting of at least a majority of
the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the
Company\'s capital stock necessary to adopt and approve this Agreement and
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (collectively, the
"Stockholder Approval").   Section 3.17 State Takeover Statutes. The Board
of Directors of the Company has taken all necessary action so that no "fair
price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition," "business combination" or
other anti-takeover Law (each, a "Takeover Statute") (with the exception of
Section 203 of the DGCL) is applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Subject to the accuracy of
the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in
Section 4.8, the action of the Board of Directors of the Company in approving
this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby is
sufficient to render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby the restrictions on "business combinations"
(as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL) as set forth in Section 203 of the
DGCL.   Section 3.18 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has received
a written opinion (or oral opinion to be confirmed in writing) of Credit
Suisse First Boston LLC (the "Company Financial Advisor"), dated as of the
date hereof, that, as of the date of such opinion, the Per Share Merger
Consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Company Common Stock. A true and complete copy of the Company Financial
Advisor\'s written opinion has been, or promptly, and in any event within two
Business Days, will be, provided to Parent solely for informational
purposes.   -21-     Section 3.19 Brokers. Except as set forth in
Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter, and except for the Company
Financial Advisor and Lehman Brothers Inc., no broker, investment banker,
financial advisor or other person is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s,
financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made
by or on behalf of the Company.   Section 3.20 Absence of Litigation. Except
as set forth in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there is no
litigation, suit, claim, action, proceeding, hearing, petition, grievance,
complaint or investigation (each, an "Action") pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or
any property or asset of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, before any
Governmental Entity or arbitrator other than any such Action that (i) does
not involve, in any individual case, a claim for monetary damages in excess
of $2,500,000, (ii) would not prohibit or materially restrict the Company and
any Company Subsidiary from operating their business as they have
historically, and (iii) would not (A) prevent or materially delay the Company
from performing its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect
or (B) reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge
of the Company, no executive officer or director of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is a defendant in any Action in connection with his or her
status as an executive officer or director of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary nor any property or asset of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is subject to (i) any order of, consent decree, settlement
agreement or other similar written agreement with, or, to the knowledge of
the Company, continuing investigation by, any Governmental Authority, or (ii)
any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any
Governmental Entity, except (in the case of (i) or (ii) for those that would
not (A) prevent or materially delay the Company from performing its
obligations under this Agreement in any material respect or (B) reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect. There are no SEC legal actions, audits, inquiries or investigations,
other governmental actions, audits, inquiries or investigations by other
Governmental Entities or material internal investigations pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened, in each case regarding any accounting
practices of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any malfeasance by any
executive officer of the Company.   Section 3.21 Suppliers and Vendors. Set
forth on Section 3.21 of the Company Disclosure Letter is a true and complete
list of the 20 largest suppliers and vendors, by amounts expended over the
twelve months immediately preceding (and including) the most recently
completed month preceding the date of this Agreement, of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 3.21 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, as of the date of this Agreement there is no actual or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened termination or cancellation in the
business relationship between the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, on
one hand, and such suppliers and vendors on the other, that would reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   -22-     Section 3.22 Proxy Statement. None of the information
supplied or to be supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the
stockholders of the Company and at the time of the Stockholders Meeting or at
the date of any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to stockholders and at
the time of the Stockholders Meeting, comply in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representations or warranty with respect to any information supplied by
Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective representatives specifically
for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement.  
Section 3.23 Insurance. Except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a)
all material insurance policies of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
are in full force and effect and provide insurance in such amounts and
against such risks the management of the Company reasonably has determined to
be prudent, taking into account the industries in which the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries operate, (b) neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries is in breach or default, and neither the Company nor any
of the Company Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action
which, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such
a breach or default, or permit termination or modification of, any of such
insurance policies, (c) to the knowledge of the Company no insurer or any
such policy has been declared insolvent or placed in receivership,
conservatorship or liquidation, and (d) no notice of cancellation or
termination has been received with respect to any such policy. To the
knowledge of the Company, there are no claims that have been denied,
rejected, questioned or disputed by any insurer or as to which any insurer
has reserved its rights under an insurance policy that would reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.24 Real Property.   (a) Section 3.24(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list of all real
property owned by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries (together with all
improvements thereon and all easements, rights of way, appurtenances, zoning,
water, timber, gas, mineral and similar rights relating thereto, the "Owned
Real Property"). Except as set forth in Section 3.24(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, (i) the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary owns
good and marketable title to the Owned Real Property in fee subject to no
Liens except Permitted Liens, and (ii) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has leased all or any significant portion of any Owned Real
Property.   (b) Section 3.24(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all
Leases (including without limitation all material modifications or amendments
thereto). Except as set forth in Section 3.24(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, with respect to each Lease: (i) the Company or a Company Subsidiary
is the tenant named under the Lease, (ii) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has assigned, sublet or encumbered any interest in such Lease and,
to the knowledge of the Company, there are no Liens thereon, and (iii) the
Lease and related documents listed in Section 3.24(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter represent the only material agreements between the parties
thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof.   -23-     (c)
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has received any written notice or claim of default under
any Lease or any written notice of an intention to terminate or challenge
the validity or enforceability of any Lease (including as a result of the
execution and performance of this Agreement), (ii) each of the Leases is in
full force and effect, and is the valid, binding and enforceable obligation
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the
Company, each of the other parties thereto, (iii) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, each of the other parties
thereto, have performed all respective obligations required to be performed
by them to date under the Leases and are not (with or without the lapse of
time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default thereunder, (iv)
no landlord or tenant under any Lease has exercised any option or right to
cancel or terminate such Lease or shorten or lengthen the term thereof, lease
additional premises, reduce, relocate or expand the premises or purchase any
property, and (v) except for restrictions that (A) are applicable only to the
store covered by the Lease and (B) do not materially adversely affect the
business of the store to which they apply, no Lease contains any covenant of
the Company or any Company subsidiary not to compete in any line of business,
industry or geographical area. The Company has made available to Parent true
and complete copies of each Lease, including all amendments thereto and
documents respecting the exercise or waiver of a material right thereunder,
except for those Leases identified in Section 3.24(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter as Leases for which documentation is or may be incomplete,
as to which the Company has made available to Parent an accurate summary of
the material terms of such Leases.   (d) Section 3.24(d) of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all agreements
between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any broker or finder and
the Company property relating to such broker or finder. Except in accordance
with such agreements, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary owes or
will owe any material brokerage commissions or finders fees with respect to
any Lease or any renewal or extension thereof or the exercise of any right or
option thereunder, and none of such commissions or fees payable pursuant to
such agreements would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.25 Assets. The Company and
each Company Subsidiary has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold
interests in, all of its material properties and assets (other than the Owned
Real Property and Leases, as to which the sole representations and warranties
concerning title are set forth in Section 3.24), free and clear of all Liens
other than Permitted Liens.   Section 3.26 Affiliate Transactions. Except as
disclosed in the Company\'s SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this
Agreement or set forth in Section 3.26 of the Company Disclosure Letter, no
executive officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any
person who beneficially owns 5% or more of the Company Common Stock (or any
of such person\'s immediate family members or affiliates) is a party to any
contract with or binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of
their respective properties or assets or has any material interest in any
material property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or has
engaged in any material transaction with any of the foregoing within the last
twelve months, in each case, that is of the type that would be required to be
disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.  
-24-     Section 3.27 No Other Representations or Warranties.   (a)
Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Article III,
Parent acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other Person on
behalf of the Company makes any other express or implied representation or
warranty with respect to the Company with respect to any other information
provided to Parent. Except in the case of fraud or willful misrepresentation,
neither the Company nor any other Person will have or be subject to any
liability or indemnification obligation to Parent or any other Person
resulting from the distribution to Parent, or use by Parent of, any such
information, including any information, documents, projections, forecasts or
other material made available to Parent in certain "data rooms", confidential
information memoranda or management presentations in expectation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) In connection with
investigation by Parent of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, Parent
has received or may receive from the Company and/or the Company Subsidiaries
certain projections, forward-looking statements and other forecasts and
certain future business plan information. Parent acknowledges that there are
uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such, projections, statements,
and other forecasts and future plans, that Parent is familiar with such
uncertainties, that Parent is taking full responsibility for making its own
evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all, projections, forward-looking
statements and other forecasts and future plans so furnished to it (including
the reasonableness of the assumptions underlying such
projections, statements, forecasts or future plans), and that, except as set
forth in this Article III, absent fraud or willful misrepresentation, Parent
shall have no claim against anyone with respect thereto. Accordingly, Parent
acknowledges that the Company makes no representation or warranty with
respect to such projections, forward-looking statements, forecasts or future
plans (including the reasonableness of the assumptions underlying such
projections, statements, forecasts or future plans).   ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Except as set
forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Parent and Merger Sub to the
Company prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure
Letter"), each of Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and
severally represents and warrants to the Company:   Section 4.1
Organization and Standing. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized.   -25-     Section 4.2
Authority.   (a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate
power and authority, as applicable, to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by
Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger
Sub, respectively (subject to the adoption of this Agreement by Parent as the
sole stockholder of Merger Sub by written consent in lieu of a meeting, which
adoption will occur promptly after the execution and delivery of this
Agreement).   (b) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
each of Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by the Company, constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger
Sub in accordance with its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance or similar Laws generally affecting the rights of
creditors and subject to general equity principles.   Section 4.3 Non-
Contravention; Consents and Approvals.   (a) The execution and delivery of
this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement will not, (i) conflict with the Charter Documents of Parent or any
subsidiary of Parent (collectively, the "Parent Subsidiaries" and, together
with Parent, the "Parent Entities"), (ii) result in any breach, violation or
default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
rise to a right of termination, cancellation or creation or acceleration of
any obligation or right of a third party or loss of a benefit under, or
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
any of the Parent Entities under, any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture or other agreement, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise, license or other authorization applicable to any of
the Parent Entities or their respective properties or assets, or (iii)
subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in Section
4.3(b), conflict with or violate any judgment, order, decree or Law
applicable to any of the Parent Entities or their respective properties or
assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such
conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults, rights, losses or Liens that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not prevent or materially delay
consummation of the Merger.   (b) No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or
filing with, any Governmental Entity or any third party is required by Parent
or Merger Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by either of them or the consummation by either of them of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except for: (i) the filing with the SEC of the Proxy
Statement; (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware; (iii) the filing of a premerger notification
and report form by Parent under the HSR Act or filing under any other
applicable foreign competition or investment Law; and (iv) such consents,
approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of which to be made or
obtained, individually or in the aggregate, would not prevent or materially
delay consummation of the Merger.   -26-     Section 4.4 Financing.
Parent has delivered to the Company true and complete copies of the Debt
Commitment Letter, dated as of the date hereof, by and among UBS Loan Finance
LLC ("UBS Loan"), UBS Securities LLC ("UBS Securities"), Bear, Stearns and Co.,
Inc. ("Bear"), Bear Stearns Corporate Lending, Inc. ("Bear Lending"), Parent
and Merger Sub (the "ABL Letter") and the Debt Commitment Letter, dated as of
the date hereof, by and among UBS Loan, UBS Securities, Bear, Bear Lending,
Parent and Merger Sub (the "Bridge Letter" and collectively with the ABL
Letter, the "Debt Commitment Letters") and the commitment letter, dated as of
the date hereof, between Merger Sub and Apollo Management V, L.P., the
commitment letter, dated as of the date hereof, between Merger Sub and Silver
Point Capital Fund Investments LLC and the commitment letter, dated as of the
date hereof, between Merger Sub and NRDC Real Estate Advisors I LLC
(collectively, the "Equity Commitment Letters" and, together with the Debt
Commitment Letters, the "Commitment Letters"; the financing to be provided
thereunder is referred to herein as the "Financing"). The aggregate proceeds
of the Financing are in an amount sufficient to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, including to pay the aggregate Per Share Merger
Consideration, to pay the amounts required under Section 2.2, and to pay all
related fees and expenses. As of the date hereof, none of the
Financing Agreements has been withdrawn, and there are no conditions
precedent or other contingencies related to the funding of the full amount of
the Financing, other than those set forth in the Commitment Letters.  
Section 4.5 Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to
be supplied by Parent or Merger Sub specifically for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is
first mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at the time of the
Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading.   Section 4.6 Brokers. No broker,
investment banker, financial advisor or other person is entitled to any
broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Subsidiary for which
the Company could have any liability if the Closing does not occur.  
Section 4.7 Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a duly incorporated, validly
existing direct, wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of Parent, was formed for
the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
does not have any subsidiaries and has not undertaken any business or other
activities other than in connection with entering into this Agreement and
engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 4.8 Company
Stock. Except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Parent Disclosure Letter,
neither Parent nor Merger Sub is, and at no time during the last three years
has been, an "interested stockholder" of the Company as defined in Section
203 of the DGCL. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub owns (directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record) is a party to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing
of, in each case, any shares of capital stock of the Company (other than
as contemplated by this Agreement).   -27-     ARTICLE V   
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES   Section 5.1 Conduct of Business.   (a) Conduct
of Business by the Company. Except as set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, except as otherwise specifically required by this
Agreement or except as consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub,
during the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time (the
"Interim Period"), the Company shall, and shall cause the
Company Subsidiaries to, carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except as set forth on Section 5.1(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, except as otherwise specifically required by this Agreement or except
as consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub, during the Interim
Period, the Company shall not and shall not permit any Company Subsidiary
to:   (i) (A) other than dividends and distributions by a direct or
indirect wholly owned Company Subsidiary to its parent, declare, set aside or
pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of
its capital stock, (B) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock
or take any other action that would require an adjustment of the Per Share
Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.3, or (C) except as required
pursuant to agreements entered into with respect to the Stock Plans that are
in effect on the date of this Agreement, purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or
options to acquire any such shares or other securities;   (ii) issue or
authorize the issuance of, deliver or sell any shares of its capital stock
(or any other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for,
shares of its capital stock), any other voting securities or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or any rights, warrants
or options to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible
securities, other than (A) as required pursuant to Employment Agreements and
Plans in effect on the date of this Agreement and set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter, or (B) the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon
the exercise of the Options set forth on Section 3.3 of the
Company Disclosure Letter under the Stock Plans or in connection with other
awards or issuances of Common Stock under the Stock Plans, in any such case,
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their
terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement;   (iii) amend its Charter
Documents;   (iv) except as consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, other than sales
of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, sell, lease, license, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to
any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) or otherwise dispose of any of its
material properties or material assets;   -28-     (v) incur any long-
term indebtedness (whether evidenced by a note or other instrument, pursuant
to a financing lease, sale-leaseback transaction, or otherwise) or incur any
short-term indebtedness other than indebtedness incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice under lines of credit
existing on the date of this Agreement;   (vi) except as consented to in
writing by Parent or Merger Sub which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed, (A) grant any increase in the compensation or benefits
payable or to become payable by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any
current or former director or consultant of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary; (B) grant any increase in the compensation or benefits payable or
to become payable by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any officer or
employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than compensation
increases for non-officers in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice; (C) adopt, enter into, amend or otherwise increase, reprice or
accelerate the payment or vesting of the amounts, benefits or rights payable
or accrued or to become payable or accrued under any of the Employment
Agreements and Plans; (D) enter into or amend any employment,
bonus, severance, change in control, retention agreement or any similar
agreement or any collective bargaining agreement or grant any severance,
bonus, termination, or retention pay to any officer, director, consultant or
employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries; or (E) pay or award any
pension, retirement, allowance or other non-equity incentive awards, or other
employee or director benefit not required by any of the outstanding
Employment Agreements and Plans;   (vii) change the accounting principles
used by it unless required by GAAP (or, if applicable with respect to foreign
subsidiaries, the relevant foreign generally accepted accounting principles)
or any Governmental Entity;   (viii) (A) file any material Tax Return or
claim for refund with any taxing authority without prior consultation with
Parent; (B) make, revoke or change a material Tax election with respect to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (C) change a material method of
reporting income or deductions for Tax purposes with respect to the Company
or any Company Subsidiary; (D) consent to extend the period of limitations
for the payment or assessment of any Tax with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; or (E) settle or compromise any material Tax liability or
refund of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;   (ix) acquire by merging
or consolidating with, by purchasing any equity interest in or a substantial
portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any significant business or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof, or otherwise acquire any assets that are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to the Company Entities, taken as a whole,
except for (A) the purchase of assets from suppliers or vendors in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) items
reflected in the capital plan of the Company previously made available
to Parent;   (x) except as consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, satisfy,
discharge, waive or settle any material claims or Liabilities, including any
Action, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;   -29-    (xi) make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any other person, except for (A) loans,
advances, capital contributions or investments between any wholly owned
Company Subsidiary and the Company or another wholly owned Company
Subsidiary, (B) employee advances for expenses in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, or (C) ordinary course proprietary
credit card transactions consistent with past practice;   (xii) except as
consented to in writing by Parent or Merger Sub, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed, (A) enter into any contract that would be a
Material Contract if in effect on the date of this Agreement, (B) enter into
any Lease that is not contemplated by the Company\'s current budget, a true
and complete copy of which is attached in Schedule 3.15 to Section 3.15 of
the Company Disclosure Letter (the "Budget"), or (C) renew any Lease unless
and until fewer than 60 days remain in the period for exercise of the
applicable renewal right;   (xiii) (A) terminate, modify, amend or exercise
any right or option under any Material Contract or Lease on the date of this
Agreement except as permitted under clause (xii)(C) above, (B) waive,
release, relinquish or assign any right or claim of material value to the
Company, or (C) cancel or forgive any material indebtedness owed to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary;   (xiv) fail to maintain in full force
and effect or fail to use commercially reasonable efforts to replace or renew
material insurance policies existing as of the date hereof and covering the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries and their respective properties, assets
and businesses;   (xv) make, authorize or enter into any commitment with
respect to any capital expenditure, other than as provided for in the
Budget;   (xvi) (i) take any action that would reasonably be likely to
prevent or materially delay satisfaction of the conditions contained in
Article VI or the consummation of the Merger, or (ii) take any action that
has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or  
(xvii) authorize, commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.  
(b) Conduct of Business by Merger Sub. During the Interim Period, Merger Sub
shall not engage in any activities of any nature except as provided in
or contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Advice of Changes. Each of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall promptly advise the other parties to
this Agreement orally and in writing to the extent it has knowledge of any
change or event having, or which would reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on such party or the ability of the conditions set
forth in Article VI to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such
notification will affect the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the
conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.  
-30-     (d) No Interference with Marketing or Pricing Decisions.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 5.1 or any other Section of
this Agreement, neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall have the right to, nor
shall either take any action which might reasonably be expected to, prohibit,
restrict or interfere in any way with the Company\'s day-to-day decisions
concerning the marketing or pricing of its merchandise in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices.   Section 5.2 No Solicitation
by the Company.   (a) Takeover Proposal. From and after the date of this
Agreement, the Company agrees that (i) it and its officers, directors and
employees shall, (ii) the Company Subsidiaries and their officers, directors,
and employees shall, and (iii) it shall use its best efforts to ensure that
its and the Company Subsidiaries\' financial advisors, attorneys, accountants
and other advisors, investment bankers, representatives and agents
(collectively, "Company Representatives"), immediately cease and cause to be
terminated immediately all existing activities, discussions and negotiations
with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to, or that would
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal. From and after the
date of this Agreement, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of the
Company Subsidiaries to, and it shall use its best efforts to cause each of
the Company Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate, encourage or facilitate (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries or the making or submission of any proposal that
constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a Takeover Proposal,
(ii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to
any Takeover Proposal, (iii) participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish or disclose to any person (other than a party to this
Agreement) any information with respect to the Company, or
otherwise cooperate in any way, in connection with any inquiries or the
making of any proposal that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to
lead to, any Takeover Proposal or (iv) grant any approval pursuant to Section
203(a)(1) or 203(a)(3) of the DGCL; provided, however, that, if at any time
prior to the Stockholder Approval: (A) the Company receives an unsolicited
Takeover Proposal from a third party (under circumstances in which the
Company has complied with the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.2(a));
(B) the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) that such Takeover Proposal constitutes or would
reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal; (C) the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after consultation with
outside counsel) that failure to do so would be a breach of its fiduciary
duties under applicable law; and (D) the Company gives Parent and Merger Sub
two Business Days prior written notice of the identity of such third party,
the terms and conditions of such Takeover Proposal and the Company\'s
intention to furnish information to, or participate in discussions
or negotiations with the person making such Takeover Proposal, then the
Company may, subject to compliance with Section 5.2(a), (i) furnish
information with respect to the Company Entities to the person making such
Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement which includes "standstill" provisions and which restricts such
person no less than Parent is then restricted by the Confidentiality
Agreement (except for such changes specifically necessary in order for the
Company to be able to comply with its obligations under this Agreement),
provided that a copy of all such information that has not previously been
delivered to Parent is delivered to Parent simultaneously with delivery to
such person, and (ii) participate in discussions or negotiations with the
person making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) regarding such
Takeover Proposal. The Company agrees that it will promptly inform the
Company Subsidiaries and the Company Representatives of the obligations
undertaken in this Section 5.2(a).   -31-     (b) Definitions. As used
herein, (i) "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written Takeover Proposal
from any person to acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration
consisting of cash and/or securities, 50% or more of the combined voting
power of the Company then outstanding or all or substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the Company that the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in its good faith judgment (after consulting with the
Company Financial Advisor or another nationally recognized investment banking
firm), taking into account legal, regulatory, financial, timing and similar
aspects of the proposal, the likelihood of obtaining any necessary financing,
the consideration offered and the person making it and any break-up fees and
expense reimbursement provisions proposed, (A) would be more favorable from a
financial point of view to the stockholders of the Company than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any adjustment to the
terms and conditions proposed by Parent in response to such Takeover Proposal
in accordance with the terms hereof) and (B) is reasonably capable of
being consummated, and (ii) "Takeover Proposal" means any bona fide proposal,
offer, indication of interest, signed agreement or completed action from any
person relating to any (A) direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a
business that constitutes 20% or more of the net revenues, net income or the
assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B)
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of equity securities of the
Company representing 20% or more of the combined voting power of the Company,
(C) any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
any person beneficially owning equity securities of the Company representing
20% or more of the combined voting power of the Company, (D) any merger,
consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company, other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (E) the acquisition, license,
purchase or other disposition of the business or assets (including any
capital stock or assets of any Company Subsidiary) of the Company
representing 20% or more of the consolidated assets, revenues or earnings of
the Company outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past
practice; provided, that for purposes of this Section 5.2(b), the term
"Company" shall include any successor thereto.   (c) Actions by the Company.
Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall
(i) (A) withdraw or qualify (or modify or amend in a manner adverse to Parent
or Merger Sub), or publicly propose to withdraw or qualify (or modify or
amend in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Sub), the approval
recommendation or declaration of advisability by such Board of Directors or
any such committee thereof of this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Company Recommendation") or
take any action or make any statement, filing or release, in connection
with the Stockholder Meeting or otherwise, inconsistent with the
Company Recommendation, or (B) recommend, adopt or approve, or propose
publicly to recommend, adopt or approve, any Takeover Proposal (any action
described in this clause (i) being referred to as an "Adverse Recommendation
Change") or (ii) approve or recommend, or allow the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries to execute or enter into, any letter of intent,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger agreement,
acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership
agreement or other agreement constituting or related to any Takeover Proposal
(other than a confidentiality agreement referred to in Section 5.2(a)).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, prior to the Stockholder Approval, in
response to receipt of an unsolicited bona fide written Takeover Proposal,
(A) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have determined in good
faith, after consultation with outside counsel and the   -32-    Company
Financial Advisor or another nationally recognized investment banking firm,
that (i) such proposal is a Superior Proposal, and (ii) making an
Adverse Recommendation Change is necessary for the Board of Directors to
comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (B) the Company
provides to Parent a written notice (a "Notice of Superior Proposal") (i)
advising Parent that the Board of Directors of the Company has received a
Superior Proposal, (ii) specifying in reasonable detail the material terms
and conditions of such Superior Proposal, including the amount per Share that
the stockholders of the Company will receive (valuing any non-cash
consideration at what the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its
reasonable good faith judgment, after consultation with its independent
financial advisers, to be the fair value of the non-cash consideration) and
including a copy of all written materials provided to or by the Company in
connection with such Superior Proposal and (iii) identifying the person
making such Superior Proposal, (C) the Company cooperates and negotiates in
good faith with Parent during the three Business Day period specified in the
immediately succeeding clause (D) to make such adjustments in the terms and
conditions of this Agreement as would enable the Company to proceed with the
Company Recommendation without an Adverse Recommendation Change, and (D)
Parent does not, within three Business Days of Parent\'s receipt of the
Notice of Superior Proposal, make an offer that the Board of Directors of the
Company determines in its reasonable good faith judgment (after consultation
with a financial adviser of nationally recognized reputation) to be as
favorable to the stockholders of the Company as such Superior Proposal, then
the Board of Directors of the Company may make an Adverse Recommendation
Change.   (d) Notice of Takeover Proposal. From and after the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall promptly (but in any event within 48 hours)
advise Parent and Merger Sub of the receipt, directly or indirectly, of any
inquiries, requests, discussions, negotiations or proposals relating to a
Takeover Proposal, or any request for nonpublic information relating to any
of the Company Entities by any person that informs the Company or any Company
Representative that such person is considering making, or has made, a
Takeover Proposal, or an inquiry from a person seeking to have discussions or
negotiations relating to a possible Takeover Proposal. Any such notice shall
be made orally and confirmed in writing, and shall set forth the terms and
conditions thereof and the identity of the other party or parties involved
and promptly furnish to Parent and Merger Sub a copy of any such written
inquiry, request or proposal or information provided. The Company shall
inform Parent on a prompt and current basis of the status, content and
details of any discussions regarding, or relating to, any Takeover Proposal
(including amendments and proposed amendments) and, as promptly as
practicable, of any change in the price, structure or form of
the consideration or material terms of and conditions regarding any such
Takeover Proposal. In fulfilling its obligations under this Section 5.2(d),
the Company shall provide promptly to Parent copies of all written material
between the Company and the party making such Takeover Proposal.  
-33-     (e) Rule 14e-2(a), Rule 14d-9 and Other Applicable Law. Nothing
contained in this Section 5.2 shall prohibit the Company from (i) taking and
disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) or
Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) making any disclosure
to the stockholders of the Company if, in the good faith judgment of the
Board of Directors (after consultation with outside counsel), failure so to
disclose would be a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable Law;
provided, however, that neither the Company nor the Company Board of
Directors (nor any committee thereof) shall (i) recommend that the
stockholders of the Company tender their Shares in connection with any such
tender or exchange offer (or otherwise approve or recommend any Acquisition
Proposal) or take any position under Rule 14e-2(a) other than recommending
rejection of such tender or exchange offer, or (ii) make any Adverse
Recommendation Change, unless in each case the requirements of Section 5.2(c)
shall have been satisfied.   Section 5.3 Preparation of Proxy Statement;
Stockholders Meeting.   (a) Proxy Statement. The Company shall, as soon as
reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, prepare and file
with the SEC the Proxy Statement in preliminary form, and each of the Company
and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond as promptly as
practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto. The Company
shall notify Parent promptly of the receipt of any comments from the SEC or
its staff and of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall
supply Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company or any of
its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other
hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. The Company, in connection with an
Adverse Recommendation Change, may amend or supplement the Proxy Statement
(including by incorporation by reference) to effect such an Adverse
Recommendation Change. If at any time prior to receipt of the Stockholder
Approval any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of their
respective affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by the
Company or Parent which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to
the Proxy Statement, so that the Proxy Statement would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers such
information shall promptly notify the other and the parties shall cooperate
in the prompt filing with the SEC of an appropriate amendment or supplement
describing such information and, to the extent required by Law, in the
disseminating the information contained in such amendment or supplement to
the stockholders of the Company. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company\'s
stockholders as promptly as practicable after filing with or, if necessary,
clearance from the SEC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or
mailing the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or
responding to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company
(i) shall provide Parent an opportunity to review and comment on such
document or response and (ii) shall include in such document or response all
reasonable comments proposed by Parent. Each of the Company and Parent shall
use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Proxy Statement complies in
all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act.  
(b) Stockholders Meeting. The Company shall, as soon as practicable following
the date of this Agreement, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders (the "Stockholders Meeting") in accordance with
applicable Law and the Company\'s Charter Documents for the purpose
of obtaining the Stockholder Approval and shall, subject to Section 5.2(c),
(A) through the Board of Directors of the Company, recommend to its
stockholders the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby and include in the Proxy Statement
such recommendation and (B) use its reasonable best efforts to solicit and
obtain such approval and adoption.   -34-     Section 5.4 Access to
Information; Confidentiality. To the extent permitted by applicable Law and
subject to the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2005, between
the Company, by the Company Financial Advisor, solely as the Company\'s
representative, and Apollo Management V, L.P. (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"), the Company shall, and shall cause each of its
subsidiaries to, afford to Parent and its representatives reasonable access,
during normal business hours and after reasonable prior notice, during the
period prior to the Effective Time, to the Company\'s and its subsidiaries\'
properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and all
other information concerning their business, properties and personnel as such
party may reasonably request. Parent and the Company shall hold, and shall
cause their respective affiliates and representatives to hold, any nonpublic
information in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.
Each party will use reasonable best efforts to minimize any disruption to the
businesses of the other party and its subsidiaries which may result from the
requests for access, data and information hereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no investigation of the business of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary shall affect any representation or warranty given by the Company
hereunder.   Section 5.5 Reasonable Best Efforts.   (a) Reasonable Best
Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the parties shall use its reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to
assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, as promptly
as practicable, but in no event later than the Outside Date, the Merger and
the other transactions to be performed or consummated by such party in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including (i) the taking of all
acts necessary to cause the conditions to Closing to be satisfied as promptly
as practicable, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or non-actions,
waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of
all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental
Entities, if any) and the taking of all steps as may be necessary to obtain
an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any
Governmental Entity, (iii) the avoidance of each and every impediment under
any antitrust, merger control, competition or trade regulation Law that may
be asserted by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger so as to
enable the Closing to occur as soon as reasonably possible, (iv) the
obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties,
including counterparties to Contracts and Leases (including those set forth
in Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter) and any such consents,
approvals or waivers required in connection with any divestiture, (v) the
defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or
administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or
temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity
vacated or reversed and (vi) the execution and delivery of any additional
instruments necessary to consummate the Merger and other transactions
contemplated hereby and to fully carry out the purposes of this Agreement. In
connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and Parent
shall (A) duly file with the United States Federal Trade Commission  
-35-    (the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the United States
Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") the notification and report
form (the "HSR Filing") required under the HSR Act and (B) duly make all
notifications and other filings required (together with the HSR Filing, the
"Antitrust Filings") under any other applicable competition, merger control,
antitrust or similar Law or under any foreign investment Law that the Company
and Parent deem advisable or appropriate, in each case with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and within 20 Business Days of
the execution of this Agreement. The Antitrust Filings shall be in
substantial compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act or other Laws, as
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, Parent and its subsidiaries shall
commit to any and all divestitures, licenses or hold separate or similar
arrangements with respect to assets or conduct of business arrangements as a
condition to obtaining any and all approvals from any Governmental Entity for
any reason in order to consummate and make effective, as promptly as
practicable, but in no event later than the Outside Date, the Merger and the
other transactions to be performed or consummated by Parent and
its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, taking any and all
actions necessary in order to ensure that (x) no requirement for non-action,
a waiver, consent or approval of the FTC, the Antitrust Division, any State
Attorney General or other Governmental Entity, (y) no decree, judgment,
injunction, temporary restraining order or any other order in any suit or
proceeding, and (z) no other matter relating to any antitrust or competition
Law or regulation, would preclude consummation of the Merger by the Outside
Date. Neither party shall, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates to, acquire or agree to acquire any business, person or division
thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets if the entering
into of a definitive agreement relating to or the consummation of such
acquisition, would reasonably be expected to materially increase the risk of
not obtaining the applicable clearance, approval or waiver from any
Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) Cooperation. Each party shall, subject to applicable Law
and except as prohibited by any applicable representative of any applicable
Governmental Entity: (i) promptly notify the other party of any written
communication to that party from the FTC, the Antitrust Division, any State
Attorney General or any other Governmental Entity relating to this Agreement
or the Merger, and permit the other Party to review in advance any proposed
written communication to any of the foregoing; (ii) not agree to participate
in any substantive meeting or discussion with any Governmental Entity in
respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning this Agreement or
the Merger unless it consults with the other party in advance and, to the
extent permitted by such Governmental Entity, gives the other party the
opportunity to attend and participate thereat; and (iii) furnish the other
party with copies of all correspondence, filings, and written communications
(and memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between them and its
affiliates and their respective representatives, on the one hand, and any
Governmental Entity or members or their respective staffs, on the other hand,
with respect to this Agreement and the Merger. Each party shall (y) respond
as promptly as practicable under the circumstances to any inquiries received
from the FTC or the Antitrust Division for additional information
or documentation and to all inquiries and requests received from any State
Attorney General or other Governmental Entity in connection with antitrust
matters relating to this Agreement or the Merger and (z) not enter into any
agreement with the FTC or the Antitrust Division not to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   -36-     (c) No Takeover
Statutes Apply. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall (i) take all action reasonably necessary
to ensure that no Takeover Statute or similar Law is or becomes applicable to
the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated
hereby and (ii) if any Takeover Statute or similar Law becomes applicable to
the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other transactions contemplated
hereby, take all action reasonably necessary to ensure that the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to
minimize the effect of such Law on the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (d) Financing Assistance.   (i) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, from the date of this Agreement
until the Effective Time, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall, and
shall request each of the Company Representatives to, provide all cooperation
reasonably requested by Parent in connection with the arrangement of the
Financing, including (A) making available appropriate officers and employees,
on reasonable advance notice, to meet with prospective lenders and investors
in meetings, presentations, road shows and due diligence sessions,
(B) assisting with the preparation of disclosure documents in connection
therewith, (C) requesting its independent accountants to provide reasonable
assistance to Parent at Parent\'s expense, including requesting its
independent accountants to provide consent to Parent to prepare and use their
audit reports and SAS 100 reviews relating to the Company and Company
Subsidiaries and to provide any necessary "comfort letters", (D) requesting
its attorneys to provide reasonable assistance to Parent at Parent\'s
expense, including requesting its attorneys to provide any necessary and
customary legal opinions, (E) using reasonable best efforts to obtain
landlord waivers, mortgagee waivers, bailee acknowledgements and other
similar third-party documents required by the financiers providing
the Financing and (F) executing and delivering any commitment letters,
underwriting or placement agreements, registration statements, pledge and
security documents, other definitive financing documents, or other requested
certificates or documents, including allowing for a certificate of the chief
financial officer of the Company with respect to solvency or other matters;
provided, that none of the letters, agreements, registration statements,
documents and certificates referenced in the immediately preceding clause (F)
shall be executed and delivered except in connection with the Closing (and
the effectiveness thereof shall be conditioned upon the occurrence of the
Closing) and shall impose no personal liability on the officers or employees
involved. Parent and Merger Sub recognize and agree that the Company cannot
"require" its accountants, attorneys or officers to provide or execute any
documents and any failure by such accountants, attorneys or the Company\'s
chief financial officer to provide such consents or opinions does not affect
the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub hereunder.   (ii) Parent shall (A)
use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all of its covenants,
agreements, representations and warranties contained in any of the Debt
Commitment Letters, (B) not take any action specifically prohibited pursuant
to the terms of the Debt Commitment Letters or agree to amend such letters in
a manner adverse to the Company and (C) if any of the Debt Commitment Letters
expire or are terminated prior to the Closing, use its reasonable
best efforts to promptly arrange for alternative debt financing (upon the
exact terms and subject to the exact conditions contained in the Debt
Commitment Letters) so that the condition set forth in Section 6.2(e) may be
satisfied.   -37-     Section 5.6 Resignations. To the extent requested
by Parent in writing at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date,
on the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be delivered to Parent duly
signed resignations, effective immediately after the Closing, of the
directors of the Company Subsidiaries designated by Parent and shall take
such other action as is necessary to accomplish the foregoing.   Section
5.7 Indemnification.   (a) Obligations Assumed by Surviving Corporation. The
Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses to, all
current and former directors and officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries (in all of their capacities) (i) to the same extent such persons
have the right to be indemnified or have the right to advancement of expenses
as of the date of this Agreement by the Company or a Company Subsidiary
pursuant to the Company\'s or such Company Subsidiary\'s Charter Documents
and indemnification agreements, if any, in existence on the date hereof with
any current or former directors and officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries and (ii) without limitation to clause (i), to the fullest extent
permitted by Law, in each case for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time (including for acts or omissions occurring in connection
with the approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby). Without limiting the foregoing, Parent agrees that all
obligations to provide indemnification (including obligations to advance
funds for expenses) and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in favor of the
current or former directors or officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries as provided in their respective Charter Documents,
indemnification agreements or otherwise will be assumed by the Surviving
Corporation without further action, as of the Effective Time, and
will survive the Merger and will continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms and neither such obligations nor the rights to
indemnification of individuals who on or prior to the Effective Time were
directors or officers of the Company will be amended or otherwise modified in
any manner that would adversely affect such rights, unless such modification
is required by Law.   (b) Successors and Assigns of Surviving Corporation.
In the event that Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in
each such case, Parent shall cause proper provisions to be made so that the
successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case
may be, assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.7.  
-38-     (c) Continuing Coverage. For six years after the Effective Time,
Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance maintained by the Company
(provided that Parent may substitute therefor policies with reputable
carriers of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and
conditions which are no less advantageous) covering acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time with respect to those persons who
are currently covered by the Company\'s directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance policy (a copy of which has been heretofore made available to
Parent) (the "Indemnified Parties"); provided, however, that in no event will
Parent or the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in any one year an
amount in excess of 300% of the annual premiums currently paid by the Company
for such insurance (the "Maximum Premium"); and provided further, however,
that, if the annual premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount,
Parent will be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
available for a cost not exceeding the Maximum Premium; and provided further,
however, that, if the Company in its sole discretion elects, by giving
written notice to Parent at least 30 days prior to the Effective Time, then,
in lieu of the foregoing insurance, effective as of the Effective Time, the
Company shall purchase a directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
"tail" or "runoff" insurance program for a period of six years after the
Effective Time with respect to wrongful acts and/or omissions committed
or allegedly committed at or prior to the Effective Time (such coverage shall
have an aggregate coverage limit over the term of such policy in an amount
not to exceed the annual aggregate coverage limit under the Company\'s
existing directors and officers liability policy, and in all other respects
shall be comparable to such existing coverage), provided that the premium for
such "tail" or "runoff" coverage shall not exceed an amount equal to the
Maximum Premium. The Company represents that the Maximum Premium is as set
forth on Section 5.7(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter.   (d) Intended
Beneficiaries. The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under
this Section 5.7 shall not be terminated or modified after the Effective Time
in such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Party without the
express written consent of such Indemnified Party. The provisions of this
Section 5.7 are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and will
be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and his or
her representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such person may have
by contract or otherwise.   Section 5.8 Public Announcements. Parent and
the Company shall consult with each other before holding any press
conferences and before issuing any press release or other public
announcements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including the Merger. The parties will provide each other the
opportunity to review and comment upon any press release or other public
announcement or statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not issue any such
press release or other public announcement or statement prior to such
consultation, except as, in the reasonable judgment of the relevant party,
may be required by applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant
to any listing agreement with any national securities exchange. The parties
agree that the initial press release or releases to be issued with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be mutually agreed upon
prior to the issuance thereof.   Section 5.9 Stockholder Litigation. The
parties to this Agreement shall cooperate and consult with one another in
connection with any stockholder litigation against any of them or any of
their respective directors or officers with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. In furtherance of and without in any way
limiting the foregoing, each of the parties shall use its respective
reasonable best efforts to prevail in such litigation so as to permit the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in the manner
contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
agrees that it will not compromise or settle any litigation commenced against
it or its directors and officers relating to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Merger) without Parent\'s
prior written consent.   -39-     Section 5.10 Employee Benefit
Matters.   (a) Company Obligations. The Company shall adopt such amendments
to the Benefit Plans or Foreign Plans of the Company as may reasonably be
requested by Parent and as may be necessary to ensure that Benefit Plans and
Foreign Plans of the Company cover only employees and former employees (and
their dependents and beneficiaries) of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. (b) Parent Obligations. Parent shall and shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to:   (i) assume the terms of all Employment
Agreements and Plans and honor and pay or provide the benefits required
thereunder in accordance with their terms, recognizing that the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or Stockholder Approval, as the case
may be, will constitute a "change in control" for purposes of any of the
Employment Agreements and Plans that include a definition of "change in
control"; and   (ii) with respect to employees of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time (collectively, the "Company
Employees") , until the first anniversary of the Effective Time, or, if
earlier, until any such employee\'s employment is terminated, except as may
be required by applicable Law, (other than those subject to collective
bargaining obligations or agreements), (x) provide a level of aggregate
employee benefits and compensation (excluding equity based awards and
incentive compensation), taking into account all Benefit Plans and Foreign
Plans and other programs sponsored or maintained by the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries (other than equity based plans and incentive
compensation) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including amendments
thereto that are permitted or contemplated by this Agreement, including those
described on Schedule 5.1(a)), that is substantially comparable in the
aggregate to the aggregate employee benefits and compensation provided, with
respect to service to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
to Company Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y)
consider Company Employees for equity based award grants on the same basis
that similarly situated employees of Parent are considered for such
grants.   (c) Credit for Service of Company Employees. If Company Employees
are included in any benefit plan maintained by Parent or any subsidiary of
Parent following the Effective Time, such Company Employees shall receive
credit for service with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and their
predecessors prior to the Effective Time to the same extent and for the same
purposes thereunder as such service was counted under similar Benefit Plans
of the Company for all purposes (except under any defined benefit plan of
Parent or any subsidiary of Parent); provided, however, that service of
Company Employees subject to collective bargaining agreements or obligations
shall be determined under such collective bargaining agreements or
obligations. If Company Employees or their dependents are included in any
medical, dental or health plan (a "Successor Plan") other than the plan or
plans in which they participated immediately prior to the Effective Time (a
"Prior Plan"), any such Successor Plan shall not include any restrictions or
limitations with respect to pre-existing condition exclusions or any
actively-at-work requirements (except to the extent such exclusions (i) were
applicable under any similar Prior Plan   -40-    at the Effective Time
or (ii) may not be waived by any insurance carriers of Parent or any
subsidiary of Parent) and any eligible expenses incurred by any Company
Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan
year of such Prior Plan ending on the date such Company
Employee\'s participation in such Successor Plan begins shall be taken into
account under such Successor Plan for purposes of satisfying all deductible,
coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Company
Employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if
such amounts had been paid in accordance with such Successor Plan. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of determining
severance pay and benefits under any applicable Benefit Plan of the Company
covering a Company Employee at or after the Effective Time other than a
Company Employee subject to collective bargaining agreements or obligations,
each such Company Employee shall receive credit for service prior to the
Effective Time with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and their
predecessors to the same extent and for the same purposes as such service was
counted under the applicable Benefit Plan of the Company as in effect before
the Effective Time, as well as for service from and after the Effective Time
with Parent and the Surviving Corporation.   (d) Rights not Conferred on
Employees. Nothing in this Section 5.10, express or implied, shall confer
upon any Company Employee, or legal representative or beneficiary thereof,
any rights or remedies, including any right to employment or continued
employment for any specified period, or compensation or benefits of any
nature or kind whatsoever under this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 5.10,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to prevent Parent or any subsidiary
of Parent (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation)
from terminating or modifying to any extent or in any respect any benefit
plan that Parent or any subsidiary of Parent (including, after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation) may establish or maintain.   Section 5.11
Earnings Announcement. The Company shall publicly announce, via press release
(circulated in a manner consistent with past practice and made available on
the Company web site), selected year-end unaudited financial information and
fourth quarter financial results, each of which prepared in a manner
consistent with past practice, no later than February 3, 2006.   Section
5.12 Audited Financials. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
deliver to Parent, Merger Sub and their agent, including those persons
engaged in raising the Financing, the Company\'s audited financial statements
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2005 on or before February 20, 2006
(the "Audited 2005 Financials"), and in any event shall deliver the Audited
2005 Financials to such persons on or before February 28, 2006.  
-41-     ARTICLE VI   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   Section 6.1 Conditions to
Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of
each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on
or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder
Approval. The Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.   (b) No
Orders or Injunctions. None of the parties hereto shall be subject to any
order or injunction of any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that
prohibits the consummation of the Merger; provided, however, that prior
to asserting this condition, each of the parties shall have used its best
efforts to prevent the entry of any such order or injunction and to appeal as
promptly as possible any such order or injunction that may be entered.  
(c) Antitrust Filings. The waiting period applicable to the consummation
of the Merger under the HSR Act and any other applicable foreign antitrust
law or foreign investment law shall have expired or been terminated.   (d)
Competition Act (Canada). Either: (i) an advance ruling certificate pursuant
to section 102 of the Competition Act (Canada) by the Commissioner
of Competition (the "Commissioner") shall have been obtained; or (ii) the
parties hereto shall have each filed the notice required under section 114 of
the Competition Act (Canada) and the relevant waiting period shall have
expired, have been terminated or have been waived or the requirement for
filing the notice under section 114 shall have been waived in accordance with
section 113(c) of the Competition Act (Canada) and the Commissioner or a
person authorized by the Commissioner shall have advised Parent, in writing,
that in effect, there are not sufficient grounds to initiate proceedings
before the Competition Tribunal under the merger provisions of the
Competition Act.   (e) Investment Canada Act. Parent shall have obtained a
notice from the applicable Minister or Ministers under the Investment Canada
Act that such Minister or Ministers are, or are deemed to be, satisfied that
the investment by Parent is likely to be of net benefit to Canada.  
Section 6.2 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.   The
obligation of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger is further subject
to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:   (a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth
herein shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to
any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained therein)
both when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of
such time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such date), except where the failure of such representations
and warranties to be so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to
have or result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.   -42-     (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The
Company shall have performed (i) in all material respects all of its
obligations (other than pursuant to Section 5.1(a)) required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date and (ii) in all
respects all of its obligations required to be performed by it under Section
5.1(a) at or prior to the Closing Date, expect where the failure to perform
such obligations would not reasonably be expected to have or result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.   (c)
Officer\'s Certificate. The Company shall have furnished Parent with
a certificate dated the Closing Date signed on its behalf by an executive
officer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.2(a) and
6.2(b) have been satisfied.   (d) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the
date of this Agreement, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect
or any event, change or occurrence that would, individually or in the
aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.   (e) Commitment Letters. Parent or Merger Sub shall have received
the proceeds of the Financing described in the Debt Commitment Letters.  
Section 6.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligation of
the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to satisfaction or waiver
of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth herein
shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any
materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained therein) both
when made and at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such
time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which
case as of such date), except where the failure of such representations and
warranties to be so true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, would
not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent
and Merger Sub shall have performed (i) in all material respects all
obligations (other than pursuant to Section 5.1(b)) required to be performed
by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date and (ii) in all
respects all of its obligations required to be performed by it under Section
5.1(b) at or prior to the Closing Date, except where the failure to perform
such obligations, individually or in the aggregate, would not prevent or
materially delay consummation of the Merger.   (c) Officer\'s Certificate.
Each of Parent and Merger Sub shall have furnished the Company with a
certificate dated the Closing Date signed on its behalf by an executive
officer to the effect that the conditions set forth in Sections 6.3(a) and
6.3(b) have been satisfied.   Section 6.4 Frustration of Closing Conditions.
Neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor the Company may rely on the failure of any
condition set forth in Section 6.1, 6.2 or 6.3, as the case may be, to be
satisfied if such failure was caused by such party\'s failure to comply with
its obligations to use its reasonable best efforts to consummate the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as required by and
subject to Section 5.5.   -43-     ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION  
Section 7.1 Termination.   (a) Termination by Mutual Consent. This Agreement
may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after the Stockholder Approval, by mutual written consent of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company.   (b) Termination by Parent or the Company. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after the Stockholder Approval, by written notice of either Parent
or the Company:   (i) if the Merger has not been consummated by April 18,
2006, or such later date, if any, as Parent and the Company agree upon in
writing (as such date may be extended, the "Outside Date"); provided,
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
7.1(b)(i) is not available to any party whose breach of any provision of this
Agreement results in or causes the failure of the Merger to be consummated by
such time;   (ii) if the Stockholders Meeting (including any adjournment or
postponement thereof) has concluded, the Company\'s stockholders have voted
and the Stockholder Approval was not obtained; or   (iii) if any
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction issues an order or injunction
that permanently prohibits the Merger and such order or injunction has become
final and non-appealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(iii) is not available to any party
whose breach of any provision of this Agreement results in or causes such
order or injunction or who has not used its best efforts to prevent the entry
of such order or injunction or to appeal or lift such order
or injunction.   (c) Termination by Parent. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
the Stockholder Approval, by written notice of Parent:   (i) if the Company
(A) has breached or failed to perform any of its covenants or other
agreements contained in this Agreement to be complied with by the Company
such that the closing condition set forth in Section 6.2(b) would not be
satisfied or (B) there exists a breach of any representation or warranty of
the Company contained in this Agreement such that the closing condition
set forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied and, in the case of both
(A) and (B), such breach or failure to perform (1) is not cured within 30
days after receipt of written notice thereof specifically referencing this
Section 7.1(c)(i) or (2) is incapable of being cured by the Company by the
Outside Date; provided, however, that Parent shall not have the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(c)(i) if Parent is then in
material breach of any of its covenants or agreements contained within this
Agreement; or   (ii) if the Board of Directors of the Company or any
committee thereof has made an Adverse Recommendation Change, whether or not
permitted by this Agreement.   -44-     (d) Termination by the Company.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by
written notice of the Company:   (i) whether before or after Stockholder
Approval, if either Parent or Merger Sub (A) has breached or failed to
perform any of its covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement
to be complied with by Parent or Merger Sub such that the closing condition
set forth in Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied, or (B) there exists a
breach of any representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement such that the closing condition set forth in Section 6.3(a)
would not be satisfied and, in the case of both (A) and (B), such breach or
failure to perform (1) is not cured within 30 days after receipt of written
notice thereof specifically referencing this Section 7.1(d)(i) or (2) is
incapable of being cured by Parent by the Outside Date; provided, however,
that the Company shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 7.1(d)(i) if the Company is then in material breach of any of
its covenants or agreements contained within this Agreement; or   (ii) prior
to receipt of Stockholder Approval, if prior to the receipt of Stockholder
Approval the Board of Directors of the Company has made an Adverse
Recommendation Change in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2(c);
provided, however, that the Company\'s right to terminate this
Agreement under this Section 7.1(d)(ii) shall not be available if the Company
is then in material breach of Section 5.2; and provided, further, that the
Company shall not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section
7.1(d)(ii), and any purported termination pursuant to this Section 7.1(d)(ii)
shall be void and of no force and effect, unless concurrently with such
termination pursuant to this Section 7.1(d)(ii) the Company pays to Parent
the Expenses and the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 7.3.   Section 7.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by
either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement will
forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation
on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, other than the provisions
of the Confidentiality Agreement, this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Article
VIII, which provisions shall survive such termination; provided, however,
that nothing herein will relieve any party from any liability for any willful
and material breach by such party of this Agreement.   Section 7.3
Expenses.   (a) Expenses. Except as provided in this Section 7.3, all
Expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby will be paid by the party incurring such
expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated. For the purposes of this
Agreement, "Expenses" shall include all out-of-pocket expenses (including all
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers,
financing sources, experts and consultants to a party hereto and its
affiliates) incurred by a party or on its behalf in connection with or
related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution and
performance of this Agreement, the preparation, printing, filing and mailing
of the Proxy Statement, the solicitation of the Stockholder Approval,
financing and all other matters related to the closing of the Merger. In the
event that this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to
Section 7.1(b)(ii), by Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i) or Section
7.1(c)(ii), or by the Company pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii) then the Company
shall promptly reimburse Parent and Merger Sub for their Expenses, up to an
aggregate amount of $5,000,000.   -45-     (b) Termination Fee Payable
By Company. In the event that this Agreement (i) is terminated pursuant to
Section 7.1(c)(ii), (ii) is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii), or
(iii) is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i), Section 7.1(b)(ii) or
Section 7.1(c)(i), and prior to such termination referenced in this Section
7.3(b)(iii), a Takeover Proposal shall have been made known to the Company or
publicly announced and within 12 months following such termination the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement
with respect to, or consummates, any Takeover Proposal, then the Company
shall (1) in the case of termination pursuant to clause (i) of this Section
7.3(b), promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days after the date
of such termination, (2) in the case of termination pursuant to clause (ii)
of this Section 7.3(b), at or prior to the time of, and as a pre-condition to
the effectiveness of, such termination, or (3) in the case of termination
pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 7.3(b), upon the earlier to occur of
the execution of such definitive agreement or such consummation, pay Parent a
non-refundable fee equal to $27,000,000 (the "Termination Fee") and, if not
previously paid, the Expenses pursuant to Section 7.3(a), payable by
wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated in writing to the
Company by Parent.   (c) The Company (and any successor thereto) shall
indemnify and hold harmless Parent and each of its subsidiaries for all loss,
cost, damage or expense arising from any failure or delay of the Company to
promptly pay either the Termination Fee or the Expenses as and when due under
this Section 7.3, including the cost of enforcement of its rights under this
Section 7.3 (including the fees and expenses of counsel and all other
professional advisers), in addition to the amount of any Expenses or
Termination Fee, together with interest on the amount of the Expenses or
Termination Fee at the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in effect on the date
such payment was required to be made from the date such payment was required
to be made through the date of payment.   ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   Section 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None
of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement will survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by
its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.   Section 8.2
Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications
under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed given if delivered
personally, telecopied (which is confirmed by telephone) or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service (providing proof of
delivery) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as is specified by like notice):   -46-     if to the
Company, to:   Linens \'n Things, Inc.  6 Brighton Road  Clifton, NJ
07015  Attention: Norman Axelrod  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Facsimile: (973) 778-0822  Telephone: (973) 614-2001   with a copy to:  
Pitney Hardin LLP  P.O. Box 1945  Morristown, New Jersey 07962-1945 
Attention: Warren J. Casey, Esq.  Facsimile: (973) 966-1015   if to Parent
or Merger Sub, to:   Apollo Management, L.P.  10250 Constellation
Boulevard  Suite 2900  Los Angeles, CA 90067  Telecopy No.: (310)
843-1950  Attention: Michael D. Weiner   National Realty and Development
Corp.  3 Manhattanville Road  Purchase, NY 10577  Telecopy No.: (914)
694-5448  Attention: Robert C. Baker   Silver Point Capital, L.P.  2
Greenwich Plaza  1st Floor  Greenwich, CT 06830  Telecopy No.: (203)
542-4137  Attention: Fred Fogel   -47-     with a copy to:   Morgan,
Lewis and Bockius LLP  101 Park Avenue  New York, NY 10178  Attention: Robert
G. Robison, Esq.  Facsimile: 212-309-6001    Section 8.3 Interpretation.
When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section or Exhibit,
such reference is to an Article or Section of, or an Exhibit to, this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents, table of defined
terms and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and do not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." The words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of
similar import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All
terms defined in this Agreement will have the defined meanings when used in
any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
otherwise defined therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to
the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and
(in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes. The
parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiating and drafting of
this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent arises,
this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any
party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. For
purposes of this Agreement:   (a) "affiliate" of any person means another
person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first
person, where "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a
person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise;   (b) "knowledge" of any person that is not a natural person
means the actual knowledge of the individuals set forth on Section 8.3 of the
Company Disclosure Letter;   (c) "Law" means any foreign, federal, state,
provincial or local civil or criminal law, statute, code, ordinance,
regulation, legally binding rule or other legally enforceable obligation
imposed by a court or other Governmental Entity;   (d) "Leases" means all
leases of real property leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries;  
-48-     (e) "Liens" means all pledges, claims, liens, options, charges,
mortgages, easements, restrictions, covenants, conditions of record,
encroachments, possessory rights, options, title and survey matters,
encumbrances and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever;   (f)
"Material Adverse Effect" means any change, effect, event, occurrence or
state of facts that is or would be materially adverse to the
business, condition (financial or otherwise), assets, properties or results
of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, other
than any changes, effects, events, occurrences or state of facts relating to
or resulting from (i) changes in general economic, financial or securities
market conditions in the United States or elsewhere, (ii) general changes or
developments in the industry in which the Company and its subsidiaries
operate, (iii) the announcement of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, (iv) any actions required under this Agreement to obtain
any approval or authorization under applicable antitrust or competition laws
for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (v)
the effect of incurring and paying expenses to the Company Financial Advisor
and other advisors to the Company in connection with negotiating, entering
into, performing and consummating the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (vi) changes in applicable Laws or the interpretation thereof
after the date hereof, (vii) changes in GAAP or the interpretation thereof
after the date hereof and (viii) any outbreak of major hostilities in which
the United States is involved or any act of insurrection, sabotage or
terrorism within the United States or directed against its facilities or
citizens wherever located; provided in the case of the immediately preceding
clauses (i), (ii) and (viii) that such changes do not affect the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries disproportionately relative to other companies
operating in the same economies or industries.   (g) "Permitted Liens" means
(i) mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s, repairmen\'s or other like Liens
arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to
obligations that are not delinquent or that are being contested in good faith
by the relevant party or any subsidiary of it and for which the relevant
party or a subsidiary of it has established adequate reserves, (ii) Liens for
Taxes that are not due and payable or that may thereafter be paid without
interest or penalty, (iii) Liens that are reflected as liabilities on the
balance sheet of the relevant party and its consolidated subsidiaries as of
the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2005 contained in its SEC Reports or
the existence of which is referred to in the notes to such balance sheet and
(iv) Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, do not materially impair,
and would not reasonably be expected materially to impair, the value or the
continued use and operation of the assets to which they relate;   (h)
"person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership,
limited liability company, unlimited liability company, joint venture,
association, trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Entity or other
entity (including its permitted successors and assigns);   (i) a
"subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of the voting
securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of which
is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or other
governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, 50% or more of the
equity interest of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such
first person; and   -49-     (j) "Taxes" includes all federal, state or
local or foreign net and gross income, alternative or add-on minimum,
environmental, gross receipts, ad valorem, value added, goods and services,
capital stock, profits, license, single business, employment, severance,
stamp, unemployment, customs, property, sales, excise, use, occupation,
service, transfer, payroll, franchise, withholding, escheat or abandoned
property and other taxes, duties, charges, fees, levies or other assessments
imposed by any Taxing Authority, including any interest, penalties or
additions with respect thereto; (ii) "Tax Return" means any return, report,
statement or information required to be filed with any Taxing Authority with
respect to Taxes; and (iii) "Taxing Authority" means any domestic, foreign,
federal, national, state, county or municipal or other local government, any
subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof, or any quasi-
governmental body exercising any taxing authority or any other
authority exercising Tax regulatory authority.   Section 8.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which will
be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one
or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to
the other parties.   Section 8.5 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments
relating to the Merger referred to herein) and the Confidentiality Agreement,
taken together with the Company Disclosure Letter and Parent Disclosure
Letter, (a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and (b) except for the
provisions of Section 5.7, are not intended to confer upon any person other
than the parties any rights or remedies.   Section 8.6 Governing Law. This
Agreement is to be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern
under applicable principles of conflict of laws thereof.   Section 8.7
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or
obligations under this Agreement may be assigned, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties hereto without the prior
written consent of the other parties. Any assignment in violation of
this Section 8.7 will be void and of no effect. Subject to the preceding
two sentences, this Agreement is binding upon, inures to the benefit of, and
is enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.   Section 8.8 Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.  
(a) Each of the parties hereto (i) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of any federal court located in the State of Delaware or the
Delaware Court of Chancery in the event any dispute arises out of
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(ii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal
jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court and
(iii) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other
than a federal court sitting in the state of Delaware or the Delaware Court
of Chancery.   -50-     (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY
CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF
ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT
UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES
SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 8.8(b).   Section 8.9 Specific Enforcement. The parties
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. The parties accordingly agree that
the parties will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement in any federal court located in the State of
Delaware or the Delaware Court of Chancery, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.   Section 8.10
Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or
after the Stockholder Approval or adoption of this Agreement by Parent as
sole stockholder of Merger Sub; provided, however, that, after
such approvals, there is not to be made any amendment that by Law or stock
exchange regulation requires further approval by the stockholders of the
Company or the stockholders of Parent, as applicable, without further
approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.   Section
8.11 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, a party may
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties of the other party contained in this Agreement
or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the
proviso of Section 8.10, waive compliance by the other parties with any of
the agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on
the part of a party to any such extension or waiver will be valid only if set
forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure
of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this
Agreement or otherwise will not constitute a waiver of such rights.  
Section 8.12 Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of
law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement
will nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination
that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced, the parties hereto   -51-    shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as
closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.       [Signature Page Follows]    
-52-     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as
of the date first written above.      LAUNDRY HOLDING CO.    By: /s/
Andrew S. Jhawar  -----------------------------------------  Name: Andrew S.
Jhawar  Title: Vice President    LAUNDRY MERGER SUB CO.    By: /s/
Andrew S. Jhawar  -----------------------------------------  Name: Andrew S.
Jhawar  Title: Vice President    LINENS \'N THINGS, INC.    By: /s/
Norman Axelrod  -----------------------------------------  Name: Norman
Axelrod  Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer       TABLE OF
CONTENTS  Page  ----  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER..................................................1 ARTICLE I THE
MERGER..........................................................1  Section
1.1 The Merger................................................1  Section 1.2
Closing...................................................1  Section 1.3
Effective Time............................................2  Section 1.4
Effects of the Merger.....................................2  Section 1.5
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws..................2  Section 1.6
Directors and Officers....................................2   ARTICLE
II  EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
CORPORATIONS.........2  Section 2.1 Effect on Capital
Stock.........................................2  Section 2.2 Treatment of
Options and Other Equity Awards....................3  Section 2.3 Adjustment
of Merger Consideration..............................4  Section 2.4
Dissenting Shares...............................................4  Section
2.5 Payment and Exchange of Certificates............................5  
ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY.................................7  Section 3.1 Organization, Standing
and Corporate Power......................7  Section 3.2
Subsidiaries....................................................7  Section
3.3 Capital Structure...............................................7 
Section 3.4
Authority.......................................................9  Section
3.5 Non-Contravention; Consents and Approvals.......................9 
Section 3.6 SEC Reports and Financial Statements; Comparable Net
Sales.....10  Section 3.7 No Undisclosed
Liabilities.....................................11  Section 3.8 Material
Contracts.............................................11  Section 3.9
Compliance with Applicable Laws................................12  Section
3.10 Employment Agreements and Benefit Plans........................13 
Section 3.11
Taxes..........................................................15  Section
3.12 Environmental Matters..........................................16 
Section 3.13 Labor
Matters..................................................18  Section 3.14
Intellectual Property..........................................19  Section
3.15 Absence of Certain Changes or Events...........................20 
Section 3.16 Voting
Requirements............................................21  Section 3.17
State Takeover Statutes........................................21  Section
3.18 Opinion of Financial Advisor...................................21 
Section 3.19
Brokers........................................................22  Section
3.20 Absence of Litigation..........................................22 
Section 3.21 Suppliers and
Vendors..........................................22  Section 3.22 Proxy
Statement................................................22  Section 3.23
Insurance......................................................23  Section
3.24 Real Property..................................................23 
Section 3.25
Assets.........................................................24  Section
3.26 Affiliate Transactions.........................................24 
Section 3.27 No Other Representations or
Warranties.........................25   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB......................25  Section 4.1
Organization and Standing......................................25  Section
4.2 Authority......................................................25 
Section 4.3 Non-Contravention; Consents and
Approvals......................26  Section 4.4
Financing......................................................26  Section
4.5 Information Supplied...........................................27 
Section 4.6
Brokers........................................................27  Section
4.7 Merger Sub.....................................................27 
Section 4.8 Company
Stock..................................................27   ARTICLE
V  COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES.....................................................28  Section 5.1
Conduct of Business............................................28  Section
5.2 No Solicitation by the Company.................................31 
Section 5.3 Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders
Meeting...........34  Section 5.4 Access to Information;
Confidentiality.........................35  Section 5.5 Reasonable Best
Efforts........................................35  Section 5.6
Resignations...................................................38  Section
5.7 Indemnification................................................38 
Section 5.8 Public
Announcements...........................................39  Section 5.9
Stockholder Litigation.........................................39  Section
5.10 Employee Benefit Matters.......................................40 
Section 5.11 Earnings
Announcement..........................................41  Section 5.12
Audited Financials.............................................41   ARTICLE
VI  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 42  Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation to Effect the Merger.....42  Section 6.2 Conditions to Obligations
of Parent and Merger Sub.............42  Section 6.3 Conditions to
Obligations of the Company.......................43  Section 6.4 Frustration
of Closing Conditions..............................43   -ii-     ARTICLE
VII  TERMINATION 44  Section 7.1
Termination....................................................44  Section
7.2 Effect of Termination..........................................45 
Section 7.3
Expenses.......................................................45   ARTICLE
VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS 46  Section 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties..................46  Section 8.2
Notices........................................................46  Section
8.3 Interpretation.................................................48 
Section 8.4
Counterparts...................................................50  Section
8.5 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.................50 
Section 8.6 Governing
Law..................................................50  Section 8.7
Assignment.....................................................50  Section
8.8 Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial..................50 
Section 8.9 Specific
Enforcement...........................................51  Section 8.10
Amendment......................................................51  Section
8.11 Extension; Waiver..............................................51 
Section 8.12
Severability...................................................51  
-iii-     v) TABLE OF CONTENTS vi) (continued) vii)
Page   1-NY/1969074.4 -2-  viii)  1-NY/1969074.4 -i-       
TABLE OF DEFINED TERMS Term Page ---- ----  ABL
Letter...................................................................27 Action.......................................................................22 Adverse
Recommendation
Change................................................32 affiliate....................................................................48 Agreement.....................................................................1 Antitrust
Division...........................................................36 Antitrust
Filings............................................................36 Audited
2005
Financials......................................................41 Bear.........................................................................27 Bear
Lending.................................................................27 Benefit
Plans................................................................13 Bridge
Letter................................................................27 Budget.......................................................................30 Business
Day..................................................................2 Certificate...................................................................5 Certificate
of Merger.........................................................2 Charter
Documents.............................................................9 Closing.......................................................................1 Closing
Date..................................................................2 Commissioner.................................................................42 Commitment
Letters...........................................................27 Company.......................................................................1 Company
Common
Stock..........................................................3 Company
Disclosure
Letter.....................................................7 Company
Employees............................................................40 Company
Entities..............................................................7 Company
Financial
Advisor....................................................21 Company
Intellectual
Property................................................19 Company Preferred
Stock.......................................................7 Company
Recommendation.......................................................32 Company
Representatives......................................................31 Company
Subsidiaries..........................................................7 Competition
Act
(Canada).....................................................10 Confidentiality
Agreement....................................................35 Debt
Commitment
Letters......................................................27 DGCL..........................................................................1 Dissenting
Shares.............................................................4 Effective
Time................................................................2 Employment
Agreements........................................................13 Employment
Agreements and
Plans..............................................13 Environment..................................................................17 Environmental
Claim..........................................................17  
-i-    Environmental
Condition......................................................18 Environmental
Laws...........................................................17 Environmental
Permit.........................................................18 Equity
Commitment
Letters....................................................27 ERISA........................................................................13 ERISA
Affiliate..............................................................15 Exchange
Act.................................................................10 Excluded
Shares...............................................................3 Expenses.....................................................................45 Financing....................................................................27 Foreign
Plan.................................................................13 FTC..........................................................................35 GAAP.........................................................................10 Governmental
Entity...........................................................9 Hazardous
Substance..........................................................18 HSR
Act......................................................................10 HSR
Filing...................................................................36 Indemnified
Parties..........................................................39 Intellectual
Property........................................................19 Interim
Period...............................................................28 Investment
Canada
Act........................................................10 knowledge....................................................................48 Law..........................................................................48 Leases.......................................................................48 Liabilities..................................................................11 Liens........................................................................49 Material
Adverse
Effect......................................................49 Material
Contract............................................................11 Maximum
Premium..............................................................39 Merger........................................................................1 Merger
Sub....................................................................1 Most
Recent Balance
Sheet....................................................11 Multiemployer
Plan...........................................................13 Notice of
Superior
Proposal..................................................33 Option........................................................................3 Outside
Date.................................................................44 Owned
Real
Property..........................................................23 Parent........................................................................1 Parent
Disclosure
Letter.....................................................25 Parent
Entities..............................................................26 Parent
Subsidiaries..........................................................26 Paying
Agent..................................................................5 PCBs.........................................................................18 Per
Share Merger
Consideration................................................3 Permit.......................................................................12 Permitted
Liens..............................................................49    person.......................................................................49 Prior
Plan...................................................................40 Proxy
Statement..............................................................10 Release......................................................................18 Restricted
Stock..............................................................3 Sarbanes-
Oxley
Act...........................................................12 SEC..........................................................................10 SEC
Reports..................................................................10 Securities
Act...............................................................10 Shares........................................................................3 Spin-
Off
Date................................................................16 Stock
Plans...................................................................3 Stock
Unit....................................................................3 Stockholder
Approval.........................................................21 Stockholders
Meeting.........................................................34 subsidiary...................................................................49 Successor
Plan...............................................................40 Superior
Proposal............................................................32 Surviving
Corporation.........................................................1 Takeover
Proposal............................................................32 Takeover
Statute.............................................................21 Tax
Reserve..................................................................15 Tax
Return...................................................................50 Taxes........................................................................50 Taxing
Authority.............................................................50 Termination
Fee..............................................................46 UBS
Loan.....................................................................27 UBS
Securities...............................................................27     '

