 EXHIBIT 2.1      EXHIBIT 2.1    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER AND REORGANIZATION is made and entered into as of June 10, 2001 by and
among Peregrine Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), Rose
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent ("MERGER SUB"), and Remedy Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY").   RECITALS   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Delaware Law, Parent
and the Company have agreed to enter into a business combination
transaction.   B. Each of the respective Boards of Directors of Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company have (i) determined that this Agreement is
advisable, (ii) determined that the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of their respective
stockholders, and (iii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby, all upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement.   C. Concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parent\'s willingness to
enter into this Agreement, (i) all executive officers and directors of the
Company and all of their respective affiliates, in their capacity as
stockholders of the Company, are entering into Voting Agreements with Parent
in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a "COMPANY
VOTING AGREEMENT" and collectively, the "COMPANY VOTING AGREEMENTS"), (ii)
all of the affiliates of the Company are entering into Company Affiliate
Agreements with Parent in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
(each, a "COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENT" and collectively, the "COMPANY
AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS"), and (iii) the Company and Computershare Investor
Services LLC (formerly Harris Trust Company of California) have amended (the
"RIGHTS PLAN AMENDMENT") the Rights Agreement, dated as of July 25, 1997, as
amended (the "COMPANY RIGHTS PLAN"), between the Company and Harris
Trust Company of California, as Rights Agent, so as to render the rights
thereunder inapplicable to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements.   D. The parties
hereto intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a "plan of
reorganization" within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   AGREEMENT   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and accepted, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS   1.1 CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following respective meanings:   (a) "APPROVALS" means
franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,  permits, easements, consents,
certificates, approvals and other orders.   (b) "CASH PORTION" means,
subject to the terms of SECTION 2.7(c)  hereof, an amount in cash equal to
Nine Dollars ($9.00).   A-1   (c) "COBRA" means the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of  1985, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, or  any successor statute, rules and regulations
thereto.   (d) "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the  rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any successor
statute,  rules and regulations thereto.   (e) "COMPANY BOARD" means the
Board of Directors of the Company.   (f) "COMPANY COMMON STOCK" means the
Common Stock, par value $0.00005  per share, of the Company.   (g) "COMPANY
EMPLOYEE" means any current or former or retired employee,  consultant or
director of the Company or any Company Affiliate (as defined  in SECTION 3.12
hereof).   (h) "COMPANY EMPLOYEE PLAN" means any plan, program, policy,
practice,  contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
compensation,  severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, performance
awards, stock  or stock-related awards (whether payable in cash and/or
shares), fringe  benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any
kind, whether  written or unwritten or otherwise, funded or unfunded,
including without  limitation, each "employee benefit plan," within the
meaning of  Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or has been maintained,
contributed to, or  required to be contributed to, by Company or any
Affiliate for the benefit  of any Employee, or with respect to which Company
or any Affiliate has or  may have any liability or obligation.   (i)
"COMPANY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT" means each employment, severance,  consulting,
relocation, repatriation, expatriation, visas, work permit or  other
agreement or contract relating to provisions of services between the  Company
or any Company Affiliate (as defined in SECTION 3.13 hereof) and any 
Employee other than the Company\'s standard offer letter, proprietary 
information and invention assignment agreement in the form furnished or made 
available to Parent.   (j) "COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means any
Intellectual Property  that is owned by, or exclusively licensed to, the
Company and/or any of it  subsidiaries.   (k) "COMPANY INTERNATIONAL
EMPLOYEE PLAN" means each Company Employee  Plan that has been adopted or
maintained by Company or any Company Affiliate  (as defined in SECTION 3.13
hereof), whether informally or formally, or with  respect to which Company or
any Company Affiliate (as defined in  SECTION 3.13 hereof) will or may have
any liability, for the benefit of  Company Employees who perform services
outside the United States.   (l) "COMPANY MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means any
Company Pension Plan which  is a "multiemployer plan," as defined in Section
3(37) of ERISA.   (m) "COMPANY PENSION PLAN" means any Company Employee Plan
which is an  "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section
3(2) of  ERISA.   (n) "COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK" means the Preferred Stock,
par value  $0.00005 per share, of the Company.   (o) "COMPANY REGISTERED
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all of the  Registered Intellectual Property
owned by, or filed in the name of, the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries.   (p) "CONTRACT" means any contract, subcontract, agreement,
commitment,  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, sublicense,
permit,  franchise or other instrument, obligation or binding arrangement
or  understanding of any kind or character, whether oral or in writing.  
(q) "DELAWARE LAW" means the DGCL and any other applicable law of the  State
of Delaware.   A-2   (r) "DGCL" means the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware,  or any successor statute thereto.   (s) "DOJ" means the
United States Department of Justice.   (t) "DOL" shall mean the United
States Department of Labor.   (u) "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974,  as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, or any  successor statue, rules and regulations
thereto.   (v) "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as  amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
successor statute, rules and regulations thereto.   (w) "FMLA" means the
Family Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, and  the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, or any successor statute,  rules and regulations
thereto.   (x) "FTC" means the United States Federal Trade Commission.  
(y) "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting  principles.  
(z) "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" means any government, any governmental  entity,
department, commission, board, agency or instrumentality, and any  court,
tribunal or judicial body, in each case whether federal, state,  county,
provincial, and whether local or foreign.   (aa) "HSR ACT" means the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act  of 1976, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder,  or any successor statute, rules and
regulations thereto.   (bb) "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means any or all of the
following and all  worldwide common law and statutory rights in, arising out
of, or associated  therewith: (i) U.S. and foreign patents and applications
therefor and all  reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals,
continuations and  continuations-in-part thereof ("PATENTS"); (ii) inventions
(whether  patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, trade
secrets,  proprietary information, know how, technology, technical data and
customer  lists, and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing; 
(iii) copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor, and 
all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iv) domain 
names, uniform resource locators ("URLS"), other names and locators 
associated with the Internet, and applications or registrations therefor 
("DOMAIN NAMES"); (v) industrial designs and any registrations and 
applications therefor; (vi) trade names, logos, common law trademarks and 
service marks, trademark and service mark registrations, related goodwill 
and applications therefor throughout the world; (vii) all databases and data 
collections and all rights therein; (viii) all moral and economic rights of 
authors and inventors, however denominated, (ix) any works of authorship, 
including, without limitation, computer programs, source code, executable 
code, whether embodied in software, firmware or otherwise, documentation, 
designs, files, records, data and mask works; and (x) any similar or 
equivalent rights to any of the foregoing (as applicable).   (cc) "LEGAL
REQUIREMENTS" means any federal, state, local, municipal,  foreign or other
law, statute, constitution, principle of common law,  resolution, ordinance,
code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or  requirement issues,
enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise  put into effect by
or under the authority of any Governmental Entity.   (dd) "LIEN" means any
liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges,  mortgages, security interests,
encumbrances, claims, infringements,  interferences, options, right of first
refusals, preemptive rights,  community property interests or restrictions of
any kind or character  (including any   A-3   restriction on voting,
transfer and possession), other than restrictions  imposed by federal or
state securities laws.   (ee) "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any change or
effect that,  individually or when taken together with all other such changes
or effects  that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the
occurrence of  the Material Adverse Effect, is or is reasonably likely to be
materially  adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets),
financial  condition or results of operations of such entity and its
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall
any of the  following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, nor
shall any  of the following be taken into account in determining whether
there has been  or will be, a Material Adverse Effect on any entity: (i) any
change  resulting from compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement;  (ii) any change resulting from the pendency of the Merger or any
other  transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, any 
cancellation or deferral of product or service orders by customers);  (iii)
any change in such entity\'s stock price or trading volume or any  failure by
such entity to meet internal projections or forecasts or  published revenue
or earnings projections, in each case in and of itself;  (iv) any change or
effect that results or arises from changes affecting any  of the industries
in which such entity operates generally or the United  States economy
generally (which changes or effects in each case do not  disproportionately
affect such entity in any material respect); or (v) any  change or effect
that results or arises from changes affecting general  worldwide economic or
capital market conditions (which changes in each case  do not
disproportionately affect such entity in any material respect);  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the party hereto asserting the exception in  clause (i), (ii),
(iv) and/or (v) above shows by a preponderance of the  evidence that such
change results from compliance with the terms and  conditions of this
Agreement or the pendency of the Merger or any other  transactions
contemplated hereby, as applicable.   (ff) "NASDAQ" means the Nasdaq
National Market, or any successor  inter-dealer quotation system operated by
the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. or  any successor thereto.   (gg) "PARENT
BOARD" the Board of Directors of Parent.   (hh) "PARENT COMMON STOCK" means
the Common Stock, par value $0.001 per  share, of Parent.   (ii) "PARENT
PREFERRED STOCK" means the Preferred Stock, par value  $0.001 per share, of
Parent.   (jj) "PERSON" means any individual, corporation (including any 
non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited 
liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any 
limited liability company or joint stock company), firm or other enterprise, 
association, organization, entity or Governmental Entity.   (kk) "REGISTERED
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means all United States,  international and foreign:
(i) Patents, including applications therefor;  (ii) registered trademarks,
applications to register trademarks, including  intent-to-use applications,
or other registrations or applications related  to trademarks; (iii)
copyrights registrations and applications to register  copyrights; (iv)
registered mask works and applications to register mask  works; and (v) any
other Intellectual Property that is the subject of an  application,
certificate, filing, registration or other document issued by,  filed with,
or recorded by, any private, state, government or other public  or quasi-
public legal authority at any time.   (ll) "SEC" means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission,  or any successor agency thereto.  
A-4   (mm) "SECTION 16 AFFILIATE" means each individual who (x)
immediately  prior to the Effective Time is a director or officer of the
Company or  (y) at the Effective Time will become a director or officer of
Parent,  Merger Sub or the Company.   (nn) "SECURITIES ACT" means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and  the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, or any successor statute,  rules and regulations
thereto.   (oo) "STOCK PORTION" means, subject to the terms of Section
2.7(c)  hereof, a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock equal to
0.9065.   (pp) "SUBSIDIARY" means, with respect to any person, any entity
of  which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting
power  to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons
performing  similar functions are at any time directly or indirectly owned by
such  person.   (qq) "TAX" means (i) any and all federal, state, local and
foreign  taxes, including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts,
income,  profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem,
transfer,  franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise and
property  taxes, together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed
with  respect to such amounts, (ii) any liability for the payment of any
amounts  of the type described in clause (i) as a result of being or ceasing
to be a  member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for
any  period (including, without limitation, any liability under Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any comparable provision of foreign, state or 
local law), and (iii) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the 
type described in clause (i) or (ii) as a result of any express or implied 
obligation to indemnify any other person or as a result of any obligations 
under any agreements or arrangements with any other person with respect to 
such amounts and including any liability for taxes of a predecessor
entity.   1.2 OTHER DEFINITIONS. For all purposes of and under this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed
thereto in the respective Sections of this Agreement set forth opposite each
respective term below:    TERM SECTION ---- --------------------  ~~
 401(k) Termination Date...................... 6.11(a) Acquisition
Proposal......................... 6.1(b) Acquisition
Transaction......................
6.1(b) Agreement.................................... Recital /
2.2 Certificate(s)............................... 2.8(c) Certificate of
Merger........................
2.2 Closing...................................... 2.3 Closing
Date.................................
2.3 Company...................................... Preamble Company
Acquisition.......................... 8.3(c) Company
Affiliate(s)......................... 3.13 / 6.15 Company Affiliate
Agreement.................. Recitals Company Charter
Documents.................... 3.3 Company
ESPP................................. 2.7(b) Company Indemnified
Parties.................. 6.13 Company Insurance Policy(ies)................
3.20 Company Lease(s)............................. 3.15(b) Company Option
Plan(s)....................... 2.7(b) Company
Permits.............................. 3.8 Company
Product.............................. 3.17    A-5     TERM
SECTION ---- --------------------  ~~  Company Rights
Plan.......................... Recitals Company
Schedule............................. Article III Preamble Company SEC
Report(s)........................ 3.9 Company Stock
Option(s)...................... 2.7(b) Company Stockholder
Meeting.................. 6.2(c) Company Voting
Agreement..................... Recitals Confidentiality
Agreement.................... 6.4 Delaware Secretary of
State.................. 2.2 Dissenting Company Shares....................
2.7(d) Domain Names................................. 1.1(bb) Effective
Time............................... 2.2 Exchange
Agent............................... 2.8(a) Exchange
Fund................................ 2.8(b) Hazardous
Material........................... 3.18(a) Hazardous Materials
Activities............... 3.18(b) Material Company
Contract....................
3.19(b) Merger....................................... 2.1 Merger
Consideration......................... 2.7(a) Merger
Sub................................... Preamble Merger Sub Common
Stock...................... 2.7(a) Option Exchange
Ratio........................
6.10(a) Parent....................................... Preamble Parent
Charter Documents..................... 4.2 Parent
Schedule.............................. Article IV Preamble Parent SEC
Report(s).........................
4.6 Patents...................................... 1.1(bb) Proxy
Statement/Prospectus...................
6.3 Recommendations.............................. 8.1(d) Registration
Statement....................... 6.3 Requisite Company Stockholder
Approval....... 3.5 Returns......................................
3.16 Rights Plan Amendment........................ Recitals Superior
Proposal............................ 6.1(b) Surviving
Corporation........................ 2.1 Termination
Date............................. 8.1(b) Termination Fee
Amount....................... 8.3(b) Triggering
Event.............................
8.1(d) URL.......................................... 1.1(bb)    ARTICLE
II  THE MERGER   2.1 THE MERGER. At the Effective Time and upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (including, without
limitation, the terms of SECTION 2.12 hereof) and the applicable provisions
of Delaware Law, the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub (the
"MERGER"), the separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease and
Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger. Merger
Sub, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, is sometimes referred to
herein as the "SURVIVING CORPORATION."   A-6   2.2 THE EFFECTIVE TIME.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, as
soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date, Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company shall cause the Merger to be effected under Delaware Law by filing a
certificate of merger in customary form with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware (the "DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE") in accordance with the
applicable provisions of the DGCL (the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") (the time of
such filing and acceptance by the Delaware Secretary of State, or such later
time as may be agreed in writing by the Company and Parent and specified in
the Certificate of Merger, being referred to herein as the "EFFECTIVE TIME").
Unless the context otherwise requires, the term "AGREEMENT" as used herein
refers collectively to this Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
and the Certificate of Merger.   2.3 THE CLOSING. The closing of the Merger
(the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and
Rosati, Professional Corporation, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California
94304, at a date and time to be agreed upon by Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company, which date shall be no later than the second (2nd) business day
after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE VII
hereof, or at such other location, date and time as Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company shall mutually agree upon in writing (the date and time upon
which the Closing shall actually occur pursuant hereto being referred to
herein as the "CLOSING DATE").   2.4 EFFECT OF THE MERGER. At the Effective
Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and the
applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all of the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall
vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of
the Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of
the Surviving Corporation.   2.5 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND
BYLAWS.   (a) CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION. At the Effective Time, subject
to  the terms of SECTION 6.13 hereof, the Certificate of Incorporation of
Merger  Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
the  Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation (except that the
name  of Merger Sub shall be amended to be "Remedy Corporation") until
thereafter  amended in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware
Law and  such Certificate of Incorporation.   (b) BYLAWS. At the Effective
Time, subject to the terms of  SECTION 6.13 hereof, the Bylaws of Merger Sub,
as in effect immediately  prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of
the Surviving  Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with the
applicable  provisions of Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation of
the  Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws.   2.6 DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS.   (a) DIRECTORS. At the Effective Time, the initial directors of
the  Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately
prior  to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the 
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until 
their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.  
(b) OFFICERS. At the Effective Time, the initial officers of the  Surviving
Corporation shall be the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior  to the
Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the  Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until  their respective
successors are duly appointed.   A-7   2.7 EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK.  
(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any 
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any 
of the following securities, the following shall occur:   (i) COMPANY COMMON
STOCK. Each share of Company Common Stock issued  and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than  (i) shares held by Parent, Merger
Sub, the Company or any other  subsidiary of Parent, or (ii) Dissenting
Company Shares) shall be  canceled and extinguished and automatically
converted into the right to  receive (A) an amount of cash equal to the Cash
Portion, without any  interest thereon, and (B) a fraction of a share of
Parent Common Stock  equal to the Stock Portion (the Cash Portion and the
Stock Portion, and  any cash paid in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to
SECTION 2.8(g)  hereof, being collectively referred to herein as the
"MERGER  CONSIDERATION"), upon surrender of the certificate representing
such  share of Company Common Stock in the manner provided in SECTION 2.8 
hereof (or in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon 
delivery of an affidavit (and bond, if required) in the manner provided  in
SECTION 2.10 hereof). The Company shall take all action necessary to  ensure
that, from and after the Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled  to
exercise any such repurchase option or other right set forth in any 
restricted stock purchase agreement or other similar agreement in respect  of
any Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for shares of Company  Common
Stock subject to any such restricted stock purchase agreement or  other
similar agreement.   (ii) OWNED COMPANY COMMON STOCK. Each share of Company
Common Stock  held by Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any other subsidiary
of Parent  immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and 
extinguished without any conversion thereof or consideration or  distribution
paid therefor.   (iii) CAPITAL STOCK OF MERGER SUB. Each share of Common
Stock, par  value $0.001 per share, of Merger Sub ("MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK")
issued  and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
represent  one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common
Stock,  par value $0.001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation. Each 
certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub Common Stock 
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, as of the Effective Time, 
continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the 
Surviving Corporation.   (b) STOCK OPTIONS; EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
RIGHTS. At the  Effective Time: (i) each option to purchase Company Common
Stock (each, a  "COMPANY STOCK OPTION" and collectively, the "COMPANY STOCK
OPTIONS") then  outstanding under the Company\'s 1991 Stock Option/Stock
Issuance Plan, 1995  Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, 1995 Non-Employee
Directors Stock Option  Plan, 2000 Supplemental Stock Option Plan or other
compensatory option plans  or agreements, including option plans or
agreements assumed by the Company  pursuant to a merger or acquisition (each,
a "COMPANY OPTION PLAN" and  collectively, the "COMPANY OPTION PLANS") shall
be treated in accordance  with SECTION 6.10 hereof, and (ii) each purchase
right outstanding under the  Company\'s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"COMPANY ESPP") shall be treated  as set forth in SECTION 6.10 hereof.  
(c) ADJUSTMENTS TO THE STOCK PORTION AND THE CASH PORTION.   (i) Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree  that the Cash
Portion and the Stock Portion have been determined based  upon the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in  SECTION 3.4
hereof. Accordingly, in the event that the representations  and warranties of
the Company set forth in SECTION 3.4 hereof shall be  determined to be
inaccurate in any respect prior to the Effective Time,  the Cash Portion
and   A-8   the Stock Portion shall be appropriately adjusted such that
(i) the  aggregate amount of cash payable pursuant to the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash that 
otherwise would have been payable pursuant the transactions contemplated 
hereby had such representations and warranties been accurate, and  (ii) the
aggregate number of shares of Parent Common Stock issuable  pursuant to the
transactions shall not exceed the aggregate number of  shares of Parent
Common Stock that otherwise would have been issuable  pursuant the
transactions contemplated hereby had such representations  and warranties
been accurate.   (ii) The Stock Portion and the Cash Portion shall be
adjusted  appropriately to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse
stock  split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of 
securities convertible into Company Common Stock), extraordinary cash 
dividends, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,  combination,
exchange of shares or other like change with respect to  Company Common Stock
occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to  the Effective Time. The
Stock Portion shall be adjusted appropriately to  reflect the effect of any
stock split, reverse stock split, stock  dividend (including any dividend or
distribution of securities  convertible into Parent Common Stock),
extraordinary cash dividends,  reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange  of shares or other like change with
respect to the Parent Common Stock  occurring on or after the date hereof and
prior to the Effective Time.   (d) DISSENTING COMPANY SHARES.   (i)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this  Agreement, all
Company Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to  the Effective Time
which are held by stockholders who shall have neither  voted in favor of the
Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who  shall have properly and
validly exercised their dissenters\' rights of  appraisal of such Company
Shares in accordance with Section 262 of the  DGCL (collectively, "DISSENTING
COMPANY SHARES") shall not be converted  into, or represent the right to
receive, the Merger Consideration  pursuant to this SECTION 2.7. Such
stockholders shall be entitled to  receive payment of the appraised value of
such Dissenting Company Shares  in accordance with the provisions of Section
262 of the DGCL, except that  all Dissenting Company Shares held by
stockholders who shall have failed  to perfect or who effectively shall have
withdrawn or lost their rights  to appraisal of such Dissenting Company
Shares under such Section 262 of  the DGCL shall thereupon be deemed to have
been converted into, and to  have become exchangeable for, as of the
Effective Time, the right to  receive the Merger Consideration, without any
interest thereon, upon  surrender of the certificate or certificates that
formerly evidenced such  Company Shares in the manner provided in SECTION 2.8
hereof.   (ii) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any
demands  for appraisal received by the Company, withdrawals of such demands,
and  any other instruments served pursuant to Delaware Law and received by
the  Company in respect of Dissenting Company Shares, and (ii) the
opportunity  to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to
demands for  appraisal under Delaware Law in respect of Dissenting Company
Shares. The  Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, make  any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal or offer
to settle  or settle any such demands in respect of Dissenting Company
Shares.   2.8 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.   (a) EXCHANGE AGENT. Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall select a  bank or trust company reasonably
acceptable to the Company to act as the  exchange agent for the Merger (the
"EXCHANGE AGENT").   A-9   (b) EXCHANGE FUND. Promptly after the Effective
Time and from time to  time thereafter (as applicable), Parent shall make
available to the Exchange  Agent, for payment to the holders of shares of
Company Common Stock in  accordance with this ARTICLE II, (i) an amount in
cash equal to the product  obtained by multiplying (x) the Cash Portion, and
(y) the aggregate number  of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the  Effective Time (excluding Dissenting Company Shares
and shares of Company  Common Stock held by Parent, Merger Sub, the Company
or any other subsidiary  of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time),
(ii) a number of shares  of Parent Common Stock equal to the product obtained
by multiplying (x) the  Stock Portion, by (y) the aggregate number of shares
of Company Common Stock  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(excluding Dissenting  Company Shares and shares of Company Common Stock held
by Parent, Merger  Sub, the Company or any other subsidiary of Parent
immediately prior to the  Effective Time), (iii) the cash amount payable in
lieu of fractional shares  pursuant to SECTION 2.8(g) hereof, and (iv) any
dividends and other  distributions payable pursuant to SECTION 2.11 hereof in
respect of shares  of Parent Common Stock the certificates for which have not
yet been issued  pursuant to this SECTION 2.8 (such cash, shares of Parent
Common Stock, cash  in lieu of fractional shares and dividends and other
distributions being  referred to herein as the "EXCHANGE FUND").   (c)
PAYMENT PROCEDURES. Promptly after the Effective Time (but in no  event more
than ten (10) business days thereafter), Parent shall cause the  Exchange
Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of the Effective Time)  of a
certificate or certificates (each, a "CERTIFICATE" and collectively,  the
"CERTIFICATES") which immediately prior to the Effective Time  represented
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (i) a letter of  transmittal in
customary form (which shall specify that delivery shall be  effected, and
risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only  upon delivery of
the Certificates to the Exchange Agent), and  (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in  exchange for the Merger
Consideration payable in respect of such  Certificates and any dividends and
other distributions to which the holder  of such Certificates is entitled
pursuant to SECTION 2.11 hereof. Upon  surrender of Certificates for
cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such  other agent or agents
reasonably acceptable to the Company as may be  appointed by Parent, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly  completed and validly executed in
accordance with the instructions thereto,  and such other documents as may be
required pursuant to such instructions,  the holder of each such Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange  therefor the Merger Consideration
payable in respect of the Company Shares  represented by such Certificate and
any dividends and other distributions to  which the holder of such
Certificates is entitled pursuant to SECTION 2.11  hereof, and the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. The  Exchange Agent
shall accept such Certificates upon compliance with such  reasonable terms
and conditions as the Exchange Agent may impose to effect  an orderly
exchange thereof in accordance with normal exchange practices. No  interest
shall be paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of the  Certificates on
the cash payable upon the surrender of such Certificates  pursuant to this
SECTION 2.8. Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates  shall be deemed
from and after the Effective Time to evidence only the right  to receive the
Merger Consideration payable in respect of the Company Shares  formerly
represented thereby pursuant to the terms of this ARTICLE II and  any
dividends and other distributions to which the holder of such  Certificates
is entitled pursuant to SECTION 2.11 hereof.   (d) TRANSFERS OF OWNERSHIP.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of  Company Shares that is not
registered in the stock transfer books of the  Company, the Merger
Consideration and any dividends and other distributions  to which the holder
of such Certificates is entitled pursuant to  SECTION 2.11 hereof may be paid
in exchange therefor to a person other than  the person in whose name the
Certificate so surrendered is registered if  such Certificate shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form  for transfer and the person
requesting such payment shall pay any transfer  or other taxes required by
reason of the payment of Merger Consideration to  a person   A-10   other
than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the 
satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.  
(e) REQUIRED WITHHOLDING. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the 
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any 
consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to 
any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock, or to any holder of a 
Company Stock Option, such amounts as may be required to be deducted or 
withheld therefrom under United States federal or state, local or foreign 
law. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts 
shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid 
to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid.   (f) NO
LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth  in this
Agreement, none of the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving  Corporation or
any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of  Parent Common
Stock or Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to  a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or  similar
law.   (g) NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fraction of a share of Parent Common 
Stock will be issued in connection with the payment of the Stock Portion of 
the Merger Consideration, but in lieu thereof each holder of a Certificate 
who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent 
Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock 
that otherwise would be received by such holder) in the Merger shall receive 
from Parent an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without 
interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying such fraction by the 
closing price of one (1) share of Parent Common Stock on the date on which 
the Effective Time occurs, as reported on the Nasdaq.   (h) DISTRIBUTION OF
EXCHANGE FUND TO PARENT. Any portion of the  Exchange Fund which remains
undistributed to the holders of the Certificates  on the date that is six (6)
months after the Effective Time shall be  delivered to Parent upon demand,
and any holders of Company Shares prior to  the Merger who have not
theretofore surrendered their Certificates  evidencing such Company Shares
for exchange pursuant to this SECTION 2.8  shall thereafter look for payment
of the Merger Consideration payable in  respect of the Company Shares
evidenced by such Certificates solely to  Parent, as general creditors
thereof, for any claim to the applicable Merger  Consideration to which such
holders may be entitled pursuant to this  ARTICLE II.   2.9 NO FURTHER
OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK. From and after the Effective Time,
all shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled, retired and cease to exist and each holder of a
Certificate representing any such Company Shares shall cease to have any
rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
Merger Consideration payable therefor upon the surrender thereof in
accordance with SECTION 2.8 hereof. The Merger Consideration issued in
accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been issued in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such Company Shares. There shall be
no further registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving
Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock which were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they
shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this ARTICLE II.   2.10
LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES. In the event that any Certificates
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, the Merger Consideration
pursuant to SECTION 2.7 hereof and any dividends and other distributions to
which the holder of such Certificates is entitled pursuant to SECTION 2.11
hereof; provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to the issuance of such Merger Consideration and
any dividends and other distributions to which the holder of such
Certificates is entitled pursuant to   A-11  SECTION 2.11 hereof, require
the owners of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond
in such sum as it may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent
with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.   2.11 DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS. No dividends or
other distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with
respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time
will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered Certificates with respect to
the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders of
record of such Certificates shall surrender such Certificates. Subject to
applicable law, promptly following surrender of any such Certificates, the
Exchange Agent shall deliver to the record holders thereof, without interest,
the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent
Common Stock.   2.12 MERGER STRUCTURE. At the election of Parent, the Merger
may be restructured such that, at the Effective Time and upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of Delaware Law, either (i) Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease
and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger, or
(ii) the Company shall be merged with and into Parent, the separate corporate
existence of the Company shall cease and Parent shall continue as the
surviving corporation of the Merger; provided, however, that the Merger shall
not be restructured pursuant to this SECTION 2.12 if any such restructuring
would cause the condition set forth in SECTION 7.1(f) hereof to fail to be
satisfied. In the event that the Merger is restructured pursuant to this
SECTION 2.12, all references in this ARTICLE II and elsewhere in this
Agreement to the Surviving Corporation shall be deemed to be references to
the Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger in the case of clause
(i) above, or Parent as the surviving corporation of the Merger in the case
of clause (ii) above. Notwithstanding any restructuring of the Merger
pursuant to this SECTION 2.12, the terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect, subject to any changes or revisions
that are or may be necessary or appropriate as a result of such restructuring
of the Merger.   2.13 TAX AND ACCOUNTING CONSEQUENCES.   (a) TAX. It is
intended by the parties hereto that the Merger will  constitute a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the  Code, and the
parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of  reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 1.368-2(g) and  Section 1.368-3(a) of the United States
Income Tax Regulations. No party  hereto shall take any action that is
inconsistent with such treatment.   (b) ACCOUNTING. It is intended by the
parties that the Merger will be  accounted for as a purchase.   2.14 TAKING
OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION. If, at any time after the Effective
Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes
or intent of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub, the officers
and directors of the Company and Merger Sub will take all such lawful and
necessary action.   A-12   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE COMPANY   The Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and
Merger Sub, subject to the information set forth in the disclosure letter
delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub dated as of the date hereof
(the "COMPANY SCHEDULE"), as follows:   3.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.
Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own,
lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as
it is currently being conducted, except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Each of the Company
and its subsidiaries is in possession of all Approvals necessary to own,
lease and operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to
carry on its business as it is currently being conducted, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries at all times has been, and
currently is, in compliance with the terms of the Approvals applicable to it,
except where the failure would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Each
of the Company and its subsidiaries is qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where
the nature of its business requires such qualification or to be in good
standing, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.   3.2 SUBSIDIARIES. SECTION 3.2 of the Company Schedule
contains a complete and accurate list of each of the Company\'s subsidiaries,
the jurisdiction of incorporation of each such subsidiary, and Company\'s
equity interest therein. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
agreed, is obligated to make, or is bound by, any Contract as of the date
hereof or as may hereafter be in effect, under which it may become obligated
to make any future investment in or capital contribution to any other entity.
Other than the Company\'s interests in its subsidiaries, neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable
for, any equity or similar interest in, any other person.   3.3 CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS. The Company has furnished or made available to
Parent a complete and correct copy of its Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws as amended to date and in effect as of the date hereof (together, the
"COMPANY CHARTER DOCUMENTS"). The Company Charter Documents and equivalent
organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and
effect. The Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the
Company Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of the Company is in
violation of its equivalent organizational documents, except as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.   3.4 CAPITALIZATION   (a) The authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of 240,000,000  shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00005
per share, and 20,000,000 shares  of Preferred Stock, par value $0.00005 per
share. As of the close of  business on June 7, 2001: (i) 30,746,992 shares
(excluding treasury stock)  of Company Common Stock were issued and
outstanding; (ii) 4,132,300 shares  of Company Common Stock were held by the
Company as treasury stock;  (iii) no shares of Company Common Stock were held
by any subsidiaries of the  Company; (iv) 2,442,270 shares of Company Common
Stock were reserved for  future issuance under the Company ESPP; (v)
9,657,247 shares of Company  Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of Company Stock  Options outstanding under the Company Option
Plans; and (vi) no shares of  Company Preferred Stock were issued or
outstanding. Other than pursuant to  the exercise of outstanding Company
Stock   A-13   Options, the Company has not issued any shares of its
capital stock between  June 7, 2001 and the date hereof. Except as set forth
in this  SECTION 3.4(a) or the Company Rights Plan, there are no securities
of the  Company authorized, reserved for issuance, issued or outstanding. All
of the  outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, and all outstanding
shares of  capital stock of each subsidiary of the Company, are validly
issued, fully  paid and nonassessable shares of Company Common Stock, and
were issued in  compliance in all material respects with all applicable
securities laws and  other applicable Legal Requirements and all applicable
Contracts to which  the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by
which they are  bound.   (b) SECTION 3.4(b) of the Company Schedule sets
forth the following  information with respect to each Company Stock Option
outstanding as of the  close of business on June 7, 2001: (i) the name of the
optionee; (ii) the  number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of such  Company Stock Option; (iii) the exercise price of such
Company Stock Option;  (iv) the date on which such Company Stock Option was
granted; and (v) the  date on which such Company Stock Option will expire. As
of the close of  business on June 7, 2001, an aggregate of 3,908,867 shares
of Company Common  Stock are issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
exercisable Company  Stock Options. Except for shares of Company Common Stock
issuable upon the  exercise of Company Stock Options granted after the date
hereof in  compliance with SECTION 5.1 hereof, as of December 31, 2001, an
aggregate of  not in excess of 5,300,000 shares of Company Common Stock will
be issuable  upon the exercise of outstanding then exercisable Company Stock
Options. The  Company has delivered to Parent a complete and accurate copy of
all Company  Option Plans and the form of all stock option agreements
evidencing any  Company Stock Options granted thereunder. All shares of
Company Common Stock  subject to issuance upon the exercise of any Company
Stock Option will, upon  the valid issuance thereof on the terms and subject
to the conditions set  forth in the instrument pursuant to which they are
issuable, be duly  authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
shares of Company  Common Stock. All outstanding Company Stock Options have
been granted in  compliance in all material respects with all applicable
securities laws and  other applicable Legal Requirements and all applicable
Contracts to which  the Company is a party or by which it is bound. There are
no agreements of  any kind or character to which the Company is a party or by
which it is  bound obligating the Company to accelerate the vesting of any
Company Stock  Option as a result of or in connection with the Merger or any
other  transaction contemplated hereby.   (c) Except for securities that
the Company owns (free and clear of all  liens) directly or indirectly
through one or more subsidiaries, and except  for shares of capital stock or
other similar ownership interests of  subsidiaries of the Company that are
owned by certain nominee equity holders  as required by the applicable law of
the jurisdiction of organization of  such subsidiaries (which shares or other
interests do not materially affect  the Company\'s control of such
subsidiaries), there are no equity securities,  partnership interests or
similar ownership interests of any subsidiary of  the Company, or any
security convertible into, or exercisable or  exchangeable for, any equity
securities, partnership interests or similar  ownership interests in any
subsidiaries of the Company, issued, reserved for  issuance or outstanding.
Except as set forth in SECTION 3.4(b) hereof, there  are no subscriptions,
options, warrants, equity securities, partnership  interests or similar
ownership interests, calls, rights (including  preemptive rights),
commitments or agreements of any kind or character to  which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which they are  bound obligating the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or  sell, or cause to be
issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or  otherwise acquire, or
cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of,  any shares of capital
stock, partnership interests or similar ownership  interests of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, or obligating the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting  of or enter into any
such subscription, option, warrant, equity security,  call, right, commitment
or agreement. There are no registration rights and,  except for the Company
Voting Agreements and the Company Rights Plan, there  is no voting  
A-14   trust, proxy, rights plan, anti-takeover plan or other agreement or 
understanding to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or 
by which they are bound with respect to any equity security of the Company 
or with respect to any equity security, partnership interest or similar 
ownership interest of any of the subsidiaries of the Company.   3.5
AUTHORITY. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and
the Company Affiliate Agreements, to perform its obligations hereunder
and thereunder and, subject to the adoption and approval of this Agreement
and the Merger by the stockholders of the Company (if required under Delaware
Law), to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and
the Company Affiliate Agreements by the Company, the performance by the
Company of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
the Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company
(other than the adoption and approval of this Agreement and approval of the
Merger by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock in accordance with Delaware Law and the Company Charter
Documents, if required (the "REQUISITE COMPANY STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL")), are
necessary to authorize the Company to execute and deliver this Agreement, the
Company Voting Agreements and the Company Affiliate Agreements, to perform
its obligations hereunder and thereunder or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement, the Company Voting
Agreements and the Company Affiliate Agreements have been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitute the legal and
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, except as the enforcement thereof may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws
relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
affecting enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except
as enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity (regardless
of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law).   3.6 NO CONFLICT; REQUIRED FILINGS AND CONSENTS.   (a) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does  not, and the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the  consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will  not, (i) violate
the Company Charter Documents or the equivalent  organizational documents of
any of the Company\'s subsidiaries, (ii) subject  to obtaining the Requisite
Company Stockholder Approval and the consents,  approvals, authorizations and
permits, and making the filings and  notifications, set forth in SECTION
3.6(b) hereof, conflict with or violate  any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to the  Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
by which the Company, any of its  subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets and properties are bound or  affected, or (iii) result in any breach
of or constitute a default (or an  event that with notice or lapse of time,
or both, would become a default)  under, or impair the rights of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries under,  or alter the rights or obligations of any
person under, or give to any  person any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation  of, or result in the creation of a lien on any
of the assets or properties  of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
pursuant to, any material Contract  to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or by which the  Company, any of its subsidiaries or
any of their respective assets and  properties are bound or affected, except,
with respect to clause (ii) and  (iii) of this SECTION 3.6(a), for such
conflicts, violations, breaches,  defaults or other occurrences that would
not, individually or in the  aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the  Company or a material adverse effect on the
Company\'s ability to timely  perform its obligations under this Agreement or
consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby.   A-15   (b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does  not, and the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the  consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will  not, require any
consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing  with or
notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for applicable 
requirements under the Exchange Act, the HSR Act, the applicable antitrust 
or competition laws and regulations of foreign Governmental Entities, if 
any, and the rules of the Nasdaq, (ii) for the filing and recordation of the 
Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law and (iii) where the 
failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to 
make such filings or notifications (A) would not prevent or materially delay 
the parties hereto from performing their respective obligations under this 
Agreement or consummating the transactions contemplated hereby, or  (B) would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse  Effect on
Company.   3.7 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Neither Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation under any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, or by which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any
of their respective assets and properties are bound or affected, except for
any conflicts, defaults or violations that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. No investigation or
review by any Governmental Entity is pending or, to the knowledge of Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor has any
Governmental Entity indicated to the Company or any of its subsidiaries an
intention to conduct the same.   3.8 PERMITS. The Company and its
subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders,
approvals and other authorizations from Governmental Entities the absence of
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company (collectively, the "COMPANY
PERMITS"). The Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in compliance
in all material respects with the terms of the Company Permits and any
conditions placed thereon. No investigation or review by any Governmental
Entity is pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any of the Company Permits
or that could reasonably be expected to result in the revocation or material
limitation of the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any
of the Company Permits, nor has any Governmental Entity indicated to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries an intention to conduct the same.   3.9
SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   (a) The Company has made available to
Parent a complete and accurate  copy of each report, schedule, registration
statement, proxy and information  statements and other documents filed by the
Company with the SEC since  December 31, 1997 (each, a "COMPANY SEC REPORT"
and collectively, the  "COMPANY SEC REPORTS"), which are all the reports,
schedules, registration  statements, proxy and information statements and
other documents required to  be filed by the Company with the SEC since such
date. As of their respective  dates, the Company SEC Reports (i) complied in
all material respects with  the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as the case may  be, and (ii) did not at the time they were
filed (or, if such Company SEC  Report was amended or superseded by another
filing, then on the date of  filing of such amendment or superceding filing)
contain any untrue statement  of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of  the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. None of the  Company\'s subsidiaries is required to
file any reports or other documents  with the SEC.   (b) As of their
respective dates, each set of consolidated financial  statements (including,
in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in  the Company SEC
Reports, (i) complied as to form in all material respects  with the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect   A-16   thereto, (ii) was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent  basis throughout
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the  notes thereto or, in
the case of unaudited statements, for the absence of  footnotes as permitted
by Form 10-Q promulgated under the Exchange Act), and  (iii) fairly presents
in all material respects the consolidated financial  condition of the Company
and its subsidiaries at the respective dates  thereof and the consolidated
results of operations and cash flows of the  Company and its subsidiaries for
the periods indicated, except that the  unaudited interim financial
statements were or are subject to normal and  year-end recurring adjustments
which were not or are not expected to be  material in amount or
significance.   (c) The Company has furnished or made available to Parent a
complete and  correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not
yet been  filed with the SEC but which are required to be filed with the SEC,
to  agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been
filed  by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the
Exchange  Act.   3.10 NO UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. Neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (whether absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance
sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP which are, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the business, assets, financial condition or results
of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except
(i) liabilities set forth or reflected in the Company\'s balance sheet as of
March 31, 2001 contained in the Company SEC Reports, or (ii) liabilities
incurred since March 31, 2001 in the ordinary course of business, none of
which is material to the business, assets, financial condition or results of
operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   3.11
ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Except as required by this Agreement,
since December 31, 2000, there has not been:   (a) any event, occurrence or
condition that has had, or would reasonably  be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company;   (b) any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend on, or  other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) in respect of, any  of the capital stock of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, or any  purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the
Company of any capital  stock of the Company or any other securities of the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries, except for repurchases from Company
Employees following their  termination pursuant to the terms of their pre-
existing stock option or  purchase agreements with the Company, or any
granting of any options,  warrants, calls or rights to acquire any shares of
capital stock of the  Company or any other securities of the Company;   (c)
any split, combination or reclassification of any of the capital  stock of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries;   (d) any granting by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries of any  increase in compensation or fringe benefits
to any Company Employees, or any  payment by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any bonus to any  Company Employees, or any granting by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  of any increase in severance or
termination pay to any Company Employees, or  any entry by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries into any currently  effective employment, severance,
termination or indemnification agreement or  any agreement with any Company
Employees (or former Company employees) the  benefits of which are contingent
or the terms of which are materially  altered upon the occurrence of a
transaction involving the Company of the  nature contemplated by this
Agreement;   (e) the entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into
any  material licensing or other agreement with regard to the acquisition
or  disposition of any Intellectual Property other than licenses in the
ordinary  course of business, or any amendment or consent with respect to
any  licensing agreement filed or required to be filed by the Company with
the  SEC;   A-17   (f) any material change by the Company in its
accounting methods,  principles or practices, except as required by
concurrent changes in GAAP;  or   (g) any material revaluation by the
Company of any of its assets,  including, without limitation, writing down
the value of capitalized  inventory or writing off notes or accounts
receivable or any sale of assets  of Company other than in the ordinary
course of business.   3.12 ABSENCE OF LITIGATION.   (a) There are no
claims, actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to  the knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company, any of its  subsidiaries or any of
their respective assets and properties before any  Governmental Entity that
(i) if adversely determined against the Company  would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, or (ii) seeks to delay or prevent  the consummation of the
Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this  Agreement.   (b)
SECTION 3.12(b) of the Company Schedule contains a complete and  accurate
list of all claims, actions, suits or proceedings pending against  the
Company involving claims in excess of $100,000.   3.13 EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYEE
BENEFIT MATTERS.   (a) DEFINITION. For all purposes of and under this
SECTION 3.13, the  term "COMPANY AFFILIATE" shall mean any other person or
entity under common  control with the Company within the meaning of Section
414(b), (c), (m) or  (o) of the Code.   (b) SCHEDULE. SECTION 3.13(b) of
the Company Schedule contains an  accurate and complete list of each Company
Employee Plan and Company  Employment Agreement. The Company does not have
any plan or commitment to  establish any new Company Employee Plan or Company
Employment Agreement, to  modify any Company Employee Plan or Company
Employment Agreement (except to  the extent required by applicable law or to
conform any such Company  Employee Plan or Company Employment Agreement to
the requirements of any  applicable law, in each case as previously disclosed
to Parent in writing,  or as required by this Agreement), or to adopt or
enter into any Company  Employee Plan or Company Employment Agreement.
SECTION 3.13(b) of the  Company Schedule contains a representation of the
percentage of the  Company\'s employee base which falls within each of the
following categories:  non-exempt employees, exempt employees and key
employees; average employee  salary in each such category; and average tenure
in each such category.   (c) DOCUMENTS. The Company has delivered to Parent
a complete and  accurate copy of the following: (i) all documents embodying
each Company  Employee Plan and Company Employment Agreement, including,
without  limitation, all amendments thereto and all related trust
documents,  administrative service agreements, group annuity contracts, group
insurance  contracts and policies pertaining to fiduciary liability insurance
covering  the fiduciaries for each Company Employee Plan and Company
Employment  Agreement; (ii) the most recent annual actuarial valuations, if
any,  prepared for each Company Employee Plan; (iii) the three (3) most
recent  annual reports (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and financial
statements  attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code in
connection  with each Company Employee Plan; (iv) if Company Employee Plan is
funded,  the most recent annual and periodic accounting of Company Employee
Plan  assets; (v) the most recent summary plan description together with
the  summary(ies) of material modifications thereto, if any, required under
ERISA  with respect to each Company Employee Plan; (vi) the most recent IRS 
determination letter, and all applications and correspondence to or from the 
IRS or the DOL with respect to any such application or letter; (vii) all 
written communications material to any Company Employee or Company Employees 
relating to any Company Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee 
Plans, in each case, relating to   A-18   any amendments, terminations,
establishments, increases or decreases in  benefits, acceleration of payments
or vesting schedules or other events  which would result in any material
liability to the Company; (viii) all  material correspondence to or from any
governmental agency relating to any  Company Employee Plan; (ix) all current
model COBRA forms and related  notices (or such forms and notices as required
under comparable law);  (x) the three (3) most recent plan years
discrimination tests for each  Company Employee Plan; and (xi) all
registration statements, annual reports  (Form 11-K and all attachments
thereto) and prospectuses prepared in  connection with each Company Employee
Plan.   (d) COMPANY EMPLOYEE PLAN COMPLIANCE. The Company has performed in
all  material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under,
is  not in material default or violation of, and has no knowledge of any 
material default or violation by any other party to each Company Employee 
Plan, and each Company Employee Plan has been established and maintained in 
all material respects in accordance with its terms and in compliance with 
all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but 
not limited to ERISA or the Code. Each Company Employee Plan intended to 
qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each related trust intended to 
qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code has either received a favorable 
determination, opinion, notification or advisory letter from the IRS with 
respect to each such Company Employee Plan as to its qualified status under 
the Code, including all amendments to the Code effected by the Tax Reform 
Act of 1986 and subsequent legislation, or has remaining a period of time 
under applicable Treasury regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to 
apply for such a letter and make any amendments necessary to obtain a 
favorable determination as to the qualified status of each such Company 
Employee Plan. No "prohibited transaction," within the meaning of  Section
4975 of the Code or Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise  exempt
under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 408 of ERISA (or any 
administrative class exemption issued thereunder), has occurred with respect 
to any Company Employee Plan. All contributions required to be made by the 
Company or Company Affiliate, to any Company Employee Plan have either been 
made on or before their due dates or a reasonable amount has been paid or 
accrued, in accordance with the Company\'s ordinary business procedures for 
the current plan years; provided, however, that any contributions made to a 
Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(k), 
have been timely made in accordance with DOL regulation Section 2510.3-102. 
There are no actions, suits or, to the knowledge of the Company, claims 
pending or threatened (other than routine claims for benefits) against any 
Company Employee Plan or against the assets of any Company Employee Plan. 
Each Company Employee Plan (other than any stock option plan) can be 
amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time, 
without material liability to Parent, the Company or any of the Company 
Affiliates (other than benefits accrued to date and ordinary administration 
expenses). There are no audits, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, threatened by the IRS or DOL with respect to any 
Company Employee Plan. Neither the Company nor any Company Affiliate is 
subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any Company Employee Plan 
under Section 502(i) of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code.  
(e) COMPANY PENSION PLANS. Neither the Company nor any Company  Affiliate has
ever maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or  contributed to,
any Company Pension Plan which is subject to Title IV of  ERISA or Section
412 of the Code.   (f) COLLECTIVELY BARGAINED, MULTIEMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE
EMPLOYER  PLANS. At no time within the six (6) year period ending on the date
hereof,  has the Company or any Company Affiliate contributed to or been
obligated to  contribute to any Company Multiemployer Plan or ever
maintained,  established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to any
multiple  employer plan, or to any plan described in Section 413 of the
Code.   A-19   (g) NO POST-EMPLOYMENT OBLIGATIONS. No Company Employee
Plan provides,  or reflects or represents any liability to provide retiree
health insurance  coverage to any person for any reason, except as may be
required by COBRA or  other applicable statute.   (h) HEALTH CARE
COMPLIANCE. Neither the Company nor any Company  Affiliate has, prior to the
Effective Time and in any material respect,  violated any of the health care
continuation requirements of COBRA, the  requirements of FMLA, the
requirements of the Health Insurance Portability  and Accountability Act of
1996, the requirements of the Women\'s Health and  Cancer Rights Act of 1998,
the requirements of the Newborns\' and Mothers\'  Health Protection Act of
1996, or any amendment to each such act, or any  similar provisions of state
law applicable to the Company Employees.   (i) EFFECT OF TRANSACTION.  
(i) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company did  not, the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and the  consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will  not (either
alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent  events),
constitute an event under any Company Employee Plan, Company  Employment
Agreement, trust or loan that will or may result in any  payment (whether of
severance pay or otherwise), acceleration,  forgiveness of indebtedness,
vesting, distribution, increase in benefits  or obligation to fund benefits
with respect to any Company Employee.   (ii) No payment or benefit which
will or may be made by the Company  or any Company Affiliates with respect to
any Company Employee will be  characterized as a "parachute payment," within
the meaning of  Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code.   (j) EMPLOYMENT MATTERS.
To the knowledge of the Company, the Company:  (i) is in material compliance
in all respects with all applicable foreign,  federal, state and local laws,
rules and regulations respecting employment,  employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment and wages and  hours, in each case, with respect to
Company Employees; (ii) has withheld  and reported all amounts required by
law or by agreement to be withheld and  reported with respect to wages,
salaries and other payments to Company  Employees; (iii) is not liable for
any arrears of wages or any taxes or any  penalty for failure to comply with
any of the foregoing; and (iv) is not  liable for any payment to any trust or
other fund governed by or maintained  by or on behalf of any Governmental
Entity, with respect to unemployment  compensation benefits, social security
or other benefits or obligations for  Company Employees (other than routine
payments to be made in the normal  course of business and consistent with
past practice). To the knowledge of  the Company, there are no pending,
threatened or reasonably anticipated  claims or actions against the Company
under any worker\'s compensation policy  or long-term disability policy
(other than routine claims for benefits).   (k) LABOR MATTERS. No work
stoppage or labor strike against the  Company is pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened. The  Company does not know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to  organize any Company Employees. There are
no actions, suits, claims, labor  disputes or grievances pending, or, to the
knowledge of the Company,  threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to
any labor, safety or  discrimination matters involving any Company Employee,
including, without  limitation, charges of unfair labor practices or
discrimination complaints,  which, if adversely determined, would,
individually or in the aggregate,  result in any material liability to the
Company. Neither the Company nor any  of its subsidiaries has engaged in any
unfair labor practices within the  meaning of the National Labor Relations
Act. The Company is not presently,  nor has it been in the past, a party to,
or bound by, any collective  bargaining agreement or union contract with
respect to Company Employees and  no collective bargaining agreement is being
negotiated by the Company.   A-20   (l) COMPANY INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE
PLANS. The Company has no knowledge of, nor has the Company ever had the
obligation to maintain, establish, sponsor, participate in or contribute to,
any Company International Employee Plan.   3.14 RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS
ACTIVITIES. There is no Contract or judgment, injunction, order or decree
binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries or to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party which has or could have the effect of
prohibiting or materially impairing any material business practice of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, any material acquisition of property by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries as currently conducted.   3.15 REAL
PROPERTY MATTERS.   (a) REAL PROPERTY. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries  owns any material real property. The Company and each of its
subsidiaries  have good and marketable title to all of their owned real
property, free and  clear of all liens except (i) for liens for taxes not yet
due and payable,  (ii) as reflected in the financial statements contained in
the Company SEC  reports, and (iii) for such liens or other imperfections of
title, if any,  as do not materially interfere with the present use and
enjoyment of the  property affected thereby.   (b) LEASED PROPERTY. SECTION
3.15 of the Company Schedule contains a  complete and accurate list of all
real property currently leased by Company,  and with respect to each Company
Lease, the aggregate monthly rental payable  thereunder and the expiration
date thereof. The Company has furnished or  made available to Parent a
complete and accurate copy of all leases (each, a  "COMPANY LEASE" and
collectively, the "COMPANY LEASES") pursuant to which  the Company or any of
its subsidiaries lease any real property. All of the  Company Leases are
valid and enforceable in accordance with their respective  terms, and there
is not, under any of the Company Leases, any existing  material default or
event of default on the part of the Company or any of  its subsidiaries or,
to the knowledge of the Company, on the part of any  other party to any such
Company Lease (or any event which with notice or  lapse of time, or both,
would constitute a material default and in respect  of which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries has not taken adequate steps  to prevent such default
from occurring). No term or condition of any Company  Lease has been
modified, amended or waived except as shown in such documents  heretofore
furnished or made available to Parent. Each Company Lease  constitutes the
entire agreement of the landlord and the tenant thereunder,  and there are no
other Contracts whatsoever relating to the Company\'s use or  occupancy of
any of the premises described in the Company Leases. The  Company has not
transferred or assigned any interest in any Company Lease,  nor has the
Company subleased or otherwise granted rights of use or  occupancy of any of
the premises described therein to any other person. As  of the date of this
Agreement, to the knowledge of Company, the landlord  under each Company
Lease has complied with all of the material requirements,  conditions,
representations, warranties and covenants of the landlord  thereunder,
including, without limitation, the timely completion of  construction of the
leased premises in a good and workmanlike manner and  otherwise in accordance
with the Company Leases.   3.16 TAX MATTERS.   (a) The Company and each of
its subsidiaries have timely filed all  federal, state, local and foreign
returns, estimates, information statements  and reports ("RETURNS") relating
to Taxes required to be filed by the  Company and each of its subsidiaries
with any Tax authority, except such  Returns which are not material to the
Company. All such Returns were correct  and complete in all material
respects. The Company and each of its  subsidiaries have paid all Taxes shown
to be due on such Returns. Except to  the extent that an accrual or reserve
for Taxes has been established on the  consolidated financial statements
included in the Company SEC Reports or the  balance sheet of the Company
included in the most recently filed Company SEC  Report, the   A-21  
Company has paid all Taxes payable as of the date of such consolidated 
financial statements or balance sheet.   (b) The Company and each of its
subsidiaries has withheld with respect  to its employees, independent
contractors, creditors, stockholders, and all  other third parties all
federal and state income taxes, Taxes pursuant to  the Federal Insurance
Contribution Act, Taxes pursuant to the Federal  Unemployment Tax Act and
other Taxes required to be withheld and have timely  paid over to the proper
governmental authorities all amounts required to be  withheld and paid over
under all applicable laws.   (c) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has executed any  unexpired waiver of any statute of limitations
on or extending the period  for the assessment or collection of any Tax.  
(d) To the knowledge of the Company, no audit or other examination of  any
Return of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any Tax authority is 
presently in progress, nor has the Company or any of its subsidiaries been 
notified in writing of any request for such an audit or other examination.  
(e) No material adjustment relating to any Returns filed by the Company  or
any of its subsidiaries (and no claim by a Tax authority in a  jurisdiction
in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries does not file  Returns that
the Company or any of its subsidiaries may be subject to  taxation by such
jurisdiction) has been proposed in writing formally or  informally by any Tax
authority to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (f) Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability  for any unpaid Taxes
which has not been accrued for or reserved on the  Company Balance Sheet in
accordance with GAAP, whether asserted or  unasserted, contingent or
otherwise, other than any liability for unpaid  Taxes that may have accrued
since March 31, 2001 in connection with the  operation of the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries in the  ordinary course.   (g) There is no
contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this  Agreement, including but not
limited to the provisions of this Agreement,  covering any employee or former
employee of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries that, individually or
collectively, would reasonably be  expected to give rise to the payment of
any amount that would not be  deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or
162(m) of the Code. There is no  contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to
which the Company is a party or  by which it is bound to compensate any
individual for excise taxes paid  pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.  
(h) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has filed any  consent
agreement under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have  Section
341(f)(2) of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection  (f) asset (as
defined in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by the Company  or any of its
subsidiaries.   (i) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
constituted  either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled
corporation" in a  distribution of stock qualifying for tax-free treatment
under Section 355 of  the Code (i) in the two years prior to the date of this
Agreement or  (ii) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute part of
a "plan" or  "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section
355(e) of  the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.   (j) The Company has
not granted any power of attorney with respect to  Taxes.   (k) The Company
is not, and has not been at any time, a "United States  real property holding
corporation" within the meaning of section 897(c) of  the Code.   A-22  
3.17 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MATTERS.   (a) No Company Intellectual Property
or product owned by the Company or  service offering of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries (a "COMPANY  PRODUCT") is subject to any proceeding or
outstanding decree, order,  judgment, or stipulation restricting in any
material manner, or any Contract  restricting in any material manner the use,
transfer, or licensing thereof  by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or
which may materially affect  the validity, use or enforceability of such
Company Intellectual Property or  Company Product.   (b) Each material item
of Company Registered Intellectual Property is  valid and subsisting, all
necessary registration, maintenance and renewal  fees currently due in
connection with such Company Registered Intellectual  Property have been made
and all necessary documents, recordations and  certificates in connection
with such Company Registered Intellectual  Property have been filed with the
relevant patent, copyright, trademark or  other authorities in the United
States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case  may be, for the purposes of
prosecuting, perfecting and maintaining such  Company Registered Intellectual
Property. The Company has not claimed any  status in the application for or
registration of any Registered Intellectual  Property Rights, including
"small business status," that would not be  applicable to Purchaser.   (c)
In each case in which the Company has acquired any Intellectual  Property
from any person, the Company has obtained a valid and enforceable  assignment
sufficient to irrevocably transfer all rights in and to such  Intellectual
Property (including the right to seek past and future damages  with respect
thereto) to the Company sufficient for the Company to conduct  its business
as currently conducted or proposed to be conducted. To the  maximum extent
provided for by, and in accordance with, applicable laws and  regulations,
the Company has recorded each such assignment of a Registered  Intellectual
Property Right assigned to the Company with the relevant  Governmental
Entity.   (d) All Company Intellectual Property will be fully
transferable,  alienable or licensable by Surviving Corporation and/or Parent
without  restriction and without payment of any kind to any person except
for  ordinary course restrictions or payments that would apply to the Company
had  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not occurred.   (e)
The Company owns, and has good and exclusive title to, each item of  Company
Intellectual Property owned by it free and clear of any lien or  encumbrance
(excluding non-exclusive licenses and related restrictions  granted in the
ordinary course). Without limiting the foregoing: (i) the  Company is the
exclusive owner of all trademarks and trade names purported  to be owned by
the Company that are used in connection with the operation or  conduct of the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries, including the  sale,
distribution or provision of any Company Products by the Company or  its
subsidiaries; (ii) the Company owns exclusively, and has good title to,  all
copyrighted works that are Company Products or services or which the  Company
or any of its subsidiaries otherwise purports to own; and (iii) to  the
extent that any Patents would be infringed by any Company Products, to  the
knowledge of the Company, the Company is the exclusive owner of such 
Patents, or has secured appropriate rights through license or other 
agreement.   (f) Within the past year, the Company has not (i) transferred
ownership  of, or granted any exclusive license of or exclusive right to use,
or  authorized the retention of any exclusive rights to use or joint
ownership  of, material Company Intellectual Property that was or is
currently  purported to be owned by the Company, to any other person, or 
(ii) permitted the Company\'s rights in such material Company Intellectual 
Property to lapse or enter the public domain.   (g) All Company Intellectual
Property used in or necessary to the  conduct of the Company\'s business as
presently conducted or reasonably  contemplated to be conducted by the
Company was   A-23   written and created solely by either (i) employees of
the Company acting  within the scope of their employment or (ii) by third
parties who have  exclusively licensed to the Company or validly and
irrevocably assigned all  of their rights, including all Intellectual
Property rights therein, to the  Company, and no such third party owns or has
any rights to any of the  Company Intellectual Property purported to be owned
by the Company.   (h) The Company Intellectual Property and other
Intellectual Property  licensed by the Company constitutes all the
Intellectual Property used in  and/or necessary to the conduct of the
business of the Company as it  currently is conducted, and as it is
reasonably planned or contemplated to  be conducted by the Company,
including, without limitation, the design,  development, manufacture, use,
import, sale and licensing of Company  Products.   (i) No person who has
licensed any Intellectual Property to the Company  has ownership rights or
license rights granted by the Company to  improvements made by or for the
Company in such Intellectual Property.   (j) The Company has the right to
use, pursuant to valid licenses, all  operating software (including software
required to provide services offered  by the Company), software development
tools, library functions, compilers  and all other third-party software that
are used in the operation of the  Company or that are required to create,
modify, compile, operate or support  any software that is Company
Intellectual Property or is incorporated into  any Company Product. Without
limiting the foregoing, no open source or  public library software, including
any version of any software licensed  pursuant to any GNU public license, was
used in the development or  modification of any software that is Company
Intellectual Property.   (k) Any agreements between the Company and other
persons for the  development or manufacture of a Company Product will permit
the Company to  continue the development or manufacture of any such product
notwithstanding  any termination or expiration of such agreement(s), without
the payment of  any additional royalty, fee or other payment to any such
other person (other  than accrued fees or payments).   (l) The Company has
no knowledge of any information, materials, facts,  or circumstances,
including any information or fact that would constitute  prior art, that
would render any of the Company Registered Intellectual  Property invalid or
unenforceable, or would materially affect any pending  application for any
Company Registered Intellectual Property and the Company  has not knowingly
misrepresented, or knowingly failed to disclose, any facts  or circumstances
in any application for any Company Registered Intellectual  Property that
would constitute fraud or a misrepresentation with respect to  such
application or that would otherwise affect the validity or  enforceability of
any Company Registered Intellectual Property.   (m) To the extent that any
technology, software or Intellectual Property  has been developed or created
independently or jointly by another person or  employee for the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or is incorporated into  any of the Company Products,
the Company has a written or electronic  agreement with such third party or
employee with respect thereto and the  Company thereby either (i) has
obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive  owner of, or (ii) has obtained a
license (sufficient for the conduct of its  business as currently conducted
and as proposed to be conducted) to such  person\'s Intellectual Property in
such work, material or invention.   (n) SECTION 3.17(n) of the Company
Schedule contains a complete and  accurate list of all material Contracts to
which the Company or any of its  subsidiaries is a party (i) with respect to
Company Intellectual Property  licensed or transferred to any third party
(other than licenses or support  and maintenance agreements entered into in
the ordinary course), or  (ii) pursuant to which a third party has licensed
or transferred any  material Intellectual Property to the Company.  
A-24   (o) SECTION 3.17(o) of the Company Schedule contains a complete and 
accurate list of all material contracts, licenses and agreements between the 
Company and any other person wherein or whereby the Company has agreed to, 
or assumed, any obligation or duty to warrant, indemnify, reimburse, hold 
harmless, guaranty or otherwise assume or incur any obligation or liability 
or provide a right of rescission with respect to the infringement or 
misappropriation by the Company of the Intellectual Property Rights of any 
person other than the Company, other than in the ordinary course of 
business.   (p) All material Contracts relating to either (i) Company
Intellectual  Property, or (ii) Intellectual Property of another person
licensed to the  Company or any of its subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, third  party licenses to the Company relating to or in any way
permitting Company  Products, services or Company Intellectual Property to
interoperate with  other products, systems or standards, are in full force
and effect (other  than those which have expired by their terms). The
execution and delivery of  this Agreement by the Company have not violated or
resulted in, and the  performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder
and the consummation  by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
will not violate or  result in, the breach, modification, cancellation,
termination or suspension  of such Contracts. Each of the Company and its
subsidiaries is in material  compliance with, and has not materially breached
any term of any such  Contracts and, to the knowledge of the Company, all
other parties to such  contracts, licenses and agreements are in compliance
with, and have not  materially breached any term of, such Contracts.
Following the Effective  Time, the Surviving Corporation will be permitted to
exercise all of the  Company\'s rights under such Contracts to the same
extent the Company and its  subsidiaries would have been able to had the
transactions contemplated by  this Agreement not occurred and without the
payment of any additional  amounts or consideration other than ongoing fees,
royalties or payments  which the Company would otherwise be required to pay.
Neither this Agreement  nor the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
will result in, by  virtue of the terms of any Contract to which the Company
or any of its  subsidiaries is a party or by they are bound, (i) either the
granting by  Parent or Merger Sub to any other person any right to or with
respect to any  Intellectual Property right owned by, or licensed to, either
of them (other  than Intellectual Property acquired pursuant to this
Agreement),  (ii) either Parent\'s or the Merger Sub\'s being bound by, or
subject to, any  non-compete or other material restriction on the operation
or scope of their  respective businesses, or (iii) either Parent, Merger Sub
or the Company, as  the case may be, being obligated to pay any royalties or
other material  amounts to any third party in excess of those payable by
Parent or the  Company, respectively, prior to the Effective Time.   (q)
The operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as  such
business currently is conducted or is currently contemplated to be  conducted
has not, does not and, to its knowledge, will not infringe or 
misappropriate, the Intellectual Property of any third party or constitute 
unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, that with respect to Patents, the foregoing representation 
is made to the knowledge of the Company.   (r) Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has received written  notice from any third party
alleging that the operation of the business of  the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any act, product or service  (including Company Products,
technology or service offerings currently under  development) of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, infringes or  misappropriates the Intellectual
Property of any third party or constitutes  unfair competition or trade
practices under the laws of any jurisdiction.   (s) To the knowledge of the
Company, no person has or is infringing or  misappropriating any Company
Intellectual Property.   A-25    (t) The Company and each of its
subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps  to protect the rights of the Company
and its subsidiaries in the Company\'s  confidential information and trade
secrets that it wishes to protect or any  trade secrets or confidential
information of third parties provided to the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries under an obligation of confidentiality,  and, without limiting
the foregoing, each of the Company and its  subsidiaries has required each
employee and contractor to execute a  proprietary information/confidentiality
agreement and all current and former  employees and contractors of the
Company and any of its subsidiaries have  executed such an agreement, except
where the failure to do so is not  reasonably expected to be material to the
Company.   3.18 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   (a) HAZARDOUS MATERIAL. Except as
would not result in material  liability to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, no underground storage  tanks and no amount of any substance
that has been designated by any  Governmental Entity or by applicable
federal, state or local law to be  radioactive, toxic, hazardous or otherwise
a danger to health or the  environment, including, without limitation, PCBs,
asbestos, petroleum,  urea-formaldehyde and all substances listed as
hazardous substances pursuant  to the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act  of 1980, as amended, or defined as a
hazardous waste pursuant to the United  States Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, and the  regulations promulgated pursuant
to said laws, but excluding office and  janitorial supplies, (a "HAZARDOUS
MATERIAL") are present (i) as a result of  the actions of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or any affiliate of  the Company, or (ii) to the
knowledge of the Company, as a result of any  actions of any third party or
otherwise, in, on or under any property,  including the land and the
improvements, ground water and surface water  thereof, that the Company or
any of its subsidiaries has at any time owned,  operated, occupied or
leased.   (b) HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ACTIVITIES. Except as would not result in
a  material liability to the Company (in any individual case or in the 
aggregate) (i) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has 
transported, stored, used, manufactured, disposed of, released or exposed 
its employees or others to Hazardous Materials in violation of any law in 
effect on or before the Closing Date, and (ii) neither the Company nor any 
of its subsidiaries has disposed of, transported, sold, used, released, 
exposed its employees or others to or manufactured any product containing a 
Hazardous Material (collectively "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ACTIVITIES") in 
violation of any rule, regulation, treaty or statute promulgated by any 
Governmental Entity in effect prior to or as of the date hereof to prohibit, 
regulate or control Hazardous Materials or any Hazardous Material
Activity.   3.19 CONTRACTS.   (a) Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to or is  bound by any executory:   (i) Contract
with any officer, director, Company Employee or member  of the Company Board,
or any service, operating or management agreement  or arrangement with
respect to any of its assets or properties (whether  leased or owned), other
than those that are terminable by the Company or  any of its subsidiaries on
no more than thirty (30) days\' notice without  liability or financial
obligation to the Company or any of its  subsidiaries;   (ii) Contract or
plan (including, without limitation, any stock  option plan, stock
appreciation right plan, equity based compensation  plan or stock purchase
plan) any of the benefits of which will be  increased, or the vesting of
benefits of which will be accelerated, by  the occurrence of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  or the value of any  
A-26   of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (iii) Contract of
indemnification, guaranty or warranty other than any  Contract of
indemnification, guaranty or warranty entered into in  connection with the
sale, license or purchase of products or services in  the ordinary course of
business;   (iv) Contract containing any covenant limiting in any respect
the  right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to engage in any line
of  business or to compete with any person or entity or granting any 
exclusive distribution rights;   (v) Contract currently in force relating to
the disposition or  acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
after the date of  this Agreement of a material amount of assets outside the
ordinary course  of business, or pursuant to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  has acquired any material ownership interest in any person
other than  Company\'s subsidiaries;   (vi) dealer, distributor, joint
marketing or development Contract  under which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has continuing  material obligations to jointly market any
product, technology or service  and which may not be canceled without penalty
upon notice of ninety  (90) days or less, or any material Contract pursuant
to which the Company  or any of its subsidiaries has continuing material
obligations to jointly  develop any Intellectual Property that will not be
owned, in whole or in  part, by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
which may not be  canceled without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or
less;   (vii) Contract to license any third party the right to manufacture
or  reproduce (other than copies of licensed software) any Company Product, 
service or technology or any Contract granting rights to a third party to 
sell or publicly distribute any Company Products, service or technology 
except agreements with distributors or sales representatives in the  normal
course of business cancelable without penalty upon notice of  ninety (90)
days or less and substantially in the form furnished or made  available to
Parent;   (viii) Contract to provide source code to any third party for
any  product or technology that is material to the Company and its 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (ix) mortgages, indentures, guarantees,
loans or credit agreements,  security agreements or other agreements or
instruments relating to the  borrowing of money or extension of credit;  
(x) material settlement agreement under which the Company has ongoing 
obligations; or   (xi) Contract with a customer of the Company involving
payments to  the Company in excess of $500,000 in any individual case or in
the  aggregate.   (b) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor
to the  knowledge of the Company, any other party to a Material Company
Contract (as  defined below), is in breach, violation or default under, and
neither the  Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice
that it has  breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or
conditions of any  of the material Contracts to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries is  a party or by which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is bound  (including, without limitation, the Contracts that are
required to be set  forth in the Company Schedule) (any such Contract, a
"MATERIAL COMPANY  CONTRACT") in such a manner as would permit any other
party to cancel or  terminate any such Material Company Contract, or would
permit any other  party to seek material damages or other remedies (for any
or all of such  breaches, violations or defaults, in the aggregate).   3.20
INSURANCE. The Company has furnished or made available to Parent a complete
and accurate copy of all insurance policies and fidelity bonds to which the
Company or any of its   A-27  subsidiaries is a party, beneficiary or
named insured (each a "COMPANY INSURANCE POLICY" and collectively, the
"COMPANY INSURANCE POLICIES"). The Company believes that the Company
Insurance Policies are of the type and in amounts customarily carried by
persons conducting businesses similar to those of the Company and its
subsidiaries. There is no material claim by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries pending under any of the Company Insurance Policies as to which
coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such
policies or bonds.   3.21 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. The Company Board
has been advised by its financial advisor, Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc., that
in such advisor\'s opinion, as of the date of this Agreement, the Merger
Consideration is fair to the holders of Company Shares (other than Parent and
its affiliates) from a financial point of view, and the written confirmation
of such opinion has been delivered to Parent.   3.22 BROKERS. Except for
fees payable to Morgan Stanley and Co., Inc. pursuant to an engagement letter,
dated May 23, 2001, a complete and accurate copy of which has been furnished
to Parent, the Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or
indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders fees or agent\'s
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement, the
Merger or any transaction contemplated hereby.   3.23 STATE TAKEOVER
STATUTES. The Company Board has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company Voting Agreements and
the transactions contemplated thereby, and such approval is sufficient to
render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby, and to the Company Voting Agreements and the
transactions contemplated thereby, the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL
to the extent, if any, Section 203 of the DGCL is applicable to
this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
and to the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated
thereby. No other state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation
applies to or purports to apply to this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby, or to the Company Voting Agreements and the
transactions contemplated thereby.   3.24 BOARD APPROVAL. The Company
Board, at a meeting duly called and held on June 10, 2001 (i) unanimously
determined that this Agreement is advisable, (ii) unanimously determined that
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in
the best interests of the Company and its stockholders; (iii) approved this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iv) resolved to
recommend that the stockholders of the Company adopt and approve this
Agreement and approve the Merger under Delaware Law.   3.25 REORGANIZATION.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any action that has
caused, or would reasonably be expected to cause, the Merger to fail to
qualify a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   3.26 REGISTRATION STATEMENT; PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. None of
the information supplied or to be supplied by the Company for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement will, at the time
the Registration Statement is declared or ordered effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will not, as of
the Effective Time, on the date mailed to the Company\'s stockholders, and at
the time of the Company Stockholder Meeting, contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by
the SEC thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representation or warranty   A-28  with respect to any information
supplied by Parent or Merger Sub which is contained in the Registration
Statement or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Parent and Merger Sub hereby
jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Company, subject to the
information set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Parent and Merger
Sub to the Company dated as of the date hereof (the "PARENT SCHEDULE"), as
follows:   4.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION; SUBSIDIARIES. Each of Parent
and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has
the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is currently being
conducted, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is in
possession of all Approvals necessary to own, lease and operate the
properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business
as it is currently being conducted, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and
its subsidiaries at all times has been, and currently is, in compliance with
the terms of the Approvals applicable to it, except where the failure would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is
qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing
under the laws of each jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires
such qualification or to be in good standing, except where the failure to be
so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.2 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
AND BYLAWS. Parent has delivered to the Company complete and correct copies
of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as amended to date (together,
the "PARENT CHARTER DOCUMENTS"). The Parent Charter Documents and equivalent
organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and
effect, Parent is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Parent
Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of Parent is in violation of any of its
equivalent organizational documents, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.3
CAPITALIZATION.   (a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of
500,000,000  shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and
5,000,000 shares of  Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of the
close of business on  June 1, 2001: (i) 162,130,889 shares of Parent Common
Stock were issued and  outstanding; (ii) 455,654 shares of Parent Common
Stock were held by Parent  as treasury stock; (iii) no shares of Parent
Common Stock were held by any  subsidiaries of Parent; (iv) 1,000,000 shares
of Parent Common Stock were  reserved for future issuance under the employee
stock purchase plan of  Parent; (v) 24,126,378 shares of Parent Common Stock
were reserved for  issuance upon the exercise of stock options outstanding
under Parent\'s stock  plans; (vi) 10,800,000 shares of Parent Common Stock
were reserved for  issuance upon conversion of Parent\'s 5 1/2% convertible
subordinated notes;  and (vii) no shares of Parent Preferred Stock were
issued or outstanding.  Except as set forth in this SECTION 4.3(a), there are
no securities of  Parent authorized, reserved for issuance, issued or
outstanding. All of the  outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock, and all
outstanding shares of  capital stock of each subsidiary of Parent, are
validly issued, fully paid  and nonassessable shares of Parent Common Stock,
and were issued in  compliance in all material respects with all applicable
securities laws and  other applicable Legal Requirements and all applicable
Contracts to which  Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which
they are bound.   A-29   (b) The shares of Parent Common Stock issued as
part of the Merger  Consideration will, when issued, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully  paid and nonassessable shares of Parent Common Stock,
and not subject to any  preemptive rights created by statute, Parent\'s
Certificate of Incorporation  or Bylaws or any agreement to which Parent is a
party or is bound, and will,  when issued, be registered under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act and  registered or qualified (or exempt from
registration and qualification  requirements) under all applicable state
"blue sky" securities laws.   4.4 AUTHORITY RELATIVE TO THIS AGREEMENT.
Parent has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Parent, the performance by Parent of its obligations hereunder,
and the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby, have
been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action (including
any action of the Parent Board or Parent\'s stockholders) on the part of
Parent, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent, are
necessary to authorize Parent to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, subject only to filing the Certificate of Merger under
the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes the legal and binding
obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with
its terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency (including, without limitation, all laws relating to
fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and except as enforcement thereof
is subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   4.5 NO CONFLICT;
REQUIRED FILINGS AND CONSENTS.   (a) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Parent does not, and  the performance by Parent of its
obligations hereunder and the consummation  by Parent of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not, (i) violate the  Parent Charter Documents or
the equivalent organizational documents of any  of Parent\'s subsidiaries,
(ii) subject to obtaining the consents, approvals,  authorizations and
permits, and making the filings and notifications, set  forth in SECTION
4.5(b) hereof, conflict with or violate any law, rule,  regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to Parent or any of its  subsidiaries, or by
which Parent, any of its subsidiaries or any of their  respective assets and
properties are bound or affected, or (iii) result in  any breach of or
constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse  of time, or
both, would become a default) under, or impair the rights of  Parent or any
of its subsidiaries under, or alter the rights or obligations  of any person
under, or give to any person any rights of termination,  amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a  lien on any
of the assets or properties of Parent or any of its subsidiaries  pursuant
to, any material Contract to which Parent or any of its  subsidiaries is a
party or by which Parent, any of its subsidiaries or any  of their respective
assets and properties are bound or affected, except,  with respect to clause
(ii) and (iii) of this SECTION 4.5(a), for such  conflicts, violations,
breaches, defaults or other occurrences that would  not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a  Material Adverse Effect on
Parent or a material adverse effect on Parent\'s  ability to timely perform
its obligations under this Agreement or consummate  the transactions
contemplated hereby.   (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Parent does not, and  the performance by Parent of its obligations hereunder
and the consummation  by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not, require any  consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or  notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) for
applicable  requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the HSR
Act, the  applicable antitrust or competition laws and regulations of
foreign  Governmental Entities, if any, and the rules of the Nasdaq, (ii) for
the  filing   A-30   and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as
required by Delaware Law and  (iii) where the failure to obtain such
consents, approvals, authorizations  or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications (A) would not prevent  or materially delay the parties hereto
from performing their respective  obligations under this Agreement or
consummating the transactions  contemplated hereby, or (B) would not,
individually or in the aggregate,  have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   4.6 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   (a) Parent has made
available to the Company a complete and accurate  copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement, proxy and information  statements and other
documents filed by Parent with the SEC since  December 31, 1997 (each, a
"PARENT SEC REPORT" and collectively, the "PARENT  SEC REPORTS"), which are
all the reports, schedules, registration  statements, proxy and information
statements and other documents required to  be filed by Parent with the SEC
since such date. The Parent SEC Reports  (i) were prepared in accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Act  or the Exchange Act, as the case may
be, and (ii) did not at the time they  were filed (or, if such Parent SEC
Report was amended or superseded by  another filing, then on the date of
filing of such amendment or superceding  filing) contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a  material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make  the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were  made, not misleading. None of
Parent\'s subsidiaries is required to file any  reports or other documents
with the SEC.   (b) As of their respective dates, each set of consolidated
financial  statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
contained in  the Parent SEC Reports, (i) complied as to form in all material
respects  with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto,  (ii) was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis  throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
notes  thereto or, in the case of unaudited statements, for the absence of 
footnotes as permitted by Form 10-Q promulgated under the Exchange Act), and 
(iii) fairly presents in all material respects the consolidated financial 
condition of Parent and its subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and 
the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its 
subsidiaries for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim 
financial statements were or are subject to normal year-end recurring 
adjustments which were not or are not expected to be material in amount or 
significance.   (c) Parent has previously delivered to the Company a
complete and  correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not
yet been  filed as of the date hereof with the SEC but which are required to
be filed  as of the date hereof, to agreements, documents or other
instruments which  previously had been filed by Parent with the SEC pursuant
to the Securities  Act or the Exchange Act.   4.7 NO UNDISCLOSED
LIABILITIES. Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities
(whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to
be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP which are,
individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, assets, financial
condition or results of operations of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, except (i) liabilities set forth or reflected in Parent\'s balance
sheet as of December 31, 2001 contained in the Parent SEC Reports, (ii)
liabilities incurred since December 31, 2001 in the ordinary course of
business, none of which is material to the business, assets,
financial condition or results of operations of Parent and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) liabilities published in Parent\'s press release
dated April 26, 2001 (relating to Parent\'s fiscal fourth quarter and year-
end financial results). Parent and each of its subsidiaries has timely filed
all Returns relating to Taxes required to be filed by Parent and each of its
subsidiaries with any Tax authority, except such Returns which are not
material to Parent. Parent and each of its subsidiaries has paid all Taxes
shown to be due on such Returns.   A-31   4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT.
Except as require by this Agreement, since December 31, 2000, there has not
been any event, occurrence or condition that has had, or would reasonably be
expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.9 ABSENCE OF
LITIGATION. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Documents filed with the
SEC prior to the date hereof, there are no claims, actions, suits or
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened
against Parent, any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective assets and
properties before any Governmental Entity that if adversely determined
against Parent would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.10 INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Parent and its
subsidiaries own or possess adequate licenses or other valid rights to us all
Intellectual Property used or held for use in connection with the business of
Parent and its subsidiaries as currently conducted. To the knowledge of
Parent, the conduct of the business of Parent and its subsidiaries as
currently conducted does not and will not conflict with any
Intellectual Property of any third party, except as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent.   4.11 FUNDS. As of the Effective Time, Parent will have
sufficient funds to pay the Merger Consideration in connection with the
Merger and all other fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
Merger.   4.12 MERGER SUB. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the Merger and has not engaged in any business activities or
conducted any operations other than in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As of the Effective Time,
all of the outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub will be owned directly by
Parent.   4.13 BROKERS. Except for fees payable to Banc of America
Securities LLC, Parent has not incurred nor will it incur, directly or
indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders\' fees or agents\'
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby.   4.14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT; PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement is declared or ordered
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will not, as of the Effective Time, on the date it
is mailed to the Company\'s stockholders, and at the time of the Company
Stockholder Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they are made, not misleading. The Registration Statement will comply
as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent makes no representation or warranty
with respect to any information supplied by the Company which is contained in
any of the Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus .  
ARTICLE V  INTERIM CONDUCT   5.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE COMPANY. Except
as contemplated by this Agreement or as otherwise approved by Parent in
writing, during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof or the Effective Time, the
Company and each of its subsidiaries shall,   A-32  except to the extent
that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, (i) carry on its business in
the usual, regular and ordinary course and in substantially the same manner
as heretofore conducted and in material compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations, pay its debts and taxes when due subject to good faith
disputes over such debts or taxes, (ii) pay or perform other
material obligations when due, and (iii) use all commercially reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to (A) preserve intact
its present business organization, (B) keep available the services of its
present officers and employees, and (C) preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees and other persons
with which it has significant business dealings. In addition to the
foregoing, except (i) as permitted by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) as
set forth in SECTION 5.1 of the Company Schedule, or (iii) as otherwise
approved by Parent in writing (which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), at all times during the period commencing with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier to
occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof or
the Effective Time, the Company shall not do any of the following and shall
not permit any of its subsidiaries to do any of the following:   (a) waive
any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the  period of
exercisability of Company Stock Options or restricted stock,  reprice Company
Stock Options granted under any employee, consultant,  director or other
Company Stock Option Plans, or authorize cash payments in  exchange for any
Company Stock Options granted under any of such employee,  consultant,
director or other Company Stock Option Plans;   (b) grant any severance or
termination pay or benefits, or payments or  benefits triggered by a change
of control or merger, to any officer or  employee of the Company, except
pursuant to written agreements outstanding,  or written policies existing, on
the date hereof and as previously disclosed  in writing or delivered to
Parent, or adopt any new severance plan, or amend  or modify or alter in any
manner any severance plan, agreement or  arrangement existing on the date
hereof;   (c) other than in the ordinary course of business, transfer or
license  to any person, or otherwise extend, amend or modify, any rights to
the  Company Intellectual Property, or enter into grants to transfer or
license  to any person future patent rights;   (d) declare, set aside or
pay any dividends on or make any other  distributions (whether in cash,
stock, equity securities or property) in  respect of any capital stock, or
split, combine or reclassify any capital  stock or issue or authorize the
issuance of any other securities in respect  of, in lieu of or in
substitution for any capital stock;   (e) purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire, directly or indirectly, any  shares of capital stock, except
repurchases of unvested shares at cost in  connection with the termination of
the employment relationship with any  employee pursuant to a Company Stock
Option or purchase agreements in effect  on the date hereof;   (f) issue,
deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber (or  propose any of
the foregoing) any shares of capital stock or other  securities convertible
into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of  capital stock, or
subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any  shares of capital
stock or other securities convertible into, or exercisable  or exchangeable
for, shares of capital stock, or enter into other Contract  obligating it to
issue any such shares of capital stock or securities  convertible into, or
exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of capital  stock, or issue or grant
any other equity-based compensation award (whether  payable in cash and/or
stock), other than (i) the issuance of shares of  Company Common Stock
pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock Options and  Company Warrants
outstanding as of the date hereof, (ii) the issuance of  shares of Company
Common Stock issuable to participants in the Company ESPP  consistent with
the terms thereof, or (iii) the granting of Company Stock  Options to newly-
hired employees of the Company (other than directors,  officers and other
executive level employees) in the ordinary course of  business consistent
with past practice in an amount not to exceed 50,000   A-33   shares of
Company Common Stock in the aggregate, or 5,000 shares of Company  Common
Stock in any individual case; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (x) none of  such
Company Stock Options, pursuant to their respective terms, will vest or  be
exercised prior to January 1, 2002, (y) the recipients of each such  Company
Stock Option waives any and all rights to acceleration of the  vesting of
such Company Stock Options under the applicable Company Option  Plan, and (z)
the agreement pursuant to which each such Company Stock Option  is granted
does not provide for acceleration in any circumstance;   (g) cause, permit
or propose any amendments to the Company Charter  Documents or similar
governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries;   (h) acquire or agree to
acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by  purchasing any equity
interest in or the assets of, or by any other manner,  any business or any
person or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or  agree to enter into any
joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances;   (i) sell, lease,
license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any  properties or assets, except
for sales of inventory in the ordinary course  of business or the sale, lease
or disposition (other than through licensing  permitted by SECTION 5.1(c)
hereof) of property or assets which are not  material, individually or in the
aggregate, to the business of the Company  and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole;   (j) other than in the ordinary course of business, enter into,
modify,  amend or terminate any existing lease, license or contract affecting
the  use, possession or operation of any properties or assets, or grant or 
otherwise create or consent to the creation of any lien on or affecting any 
owned or leased property or any portion thereof, or convey, assign, 
sublease, license or otherwise transfer all or any portion of any owned or 
leased property or any interest or rights therein;   (k) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee any such  indebtedness of
another person, or issue or sell any debt securities or  options, warrants,
calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of  the Company, or
enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain  any financial
statement condition or enter into any arrangement having the  economic effect
of any of the foregoing other than in connection with the  financing of
working capital consistent with past practice;   (l) adopt or amend any
employee benefit plan, policy or arrangement, any  employee stock purchase or
employee stock option plan, or enter into any  employment contract or
collective bargaining agreement (other than  (i) offer letters and letter
agreements entered into in the ordinary course  of business consistent with
past practice with employees who are terminable  "at will" and (ii)
employment obligations to foreign employees under  applicable Legal
Requirements), or pay any special bonus or special  remuneration to any
director or employee, or increase the salaries or wage  rates or fringe
benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification)  of its
directors, officers, employees or consultants except, in each case,  as may
be required by applicable law;   (m) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any
litigation (whether or not  commenced prior to the date hereof) or any
claims, liabilities or  obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or  otherwise), other than the payment, discharge,
settlement or satisfaction,  in the ordinary course of business or in
accordance with their terms, or  liabilities recognized or disclosed in the
most recent consolidated  financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the
Company included in the  Company SEC Reports or incurred since the date of
such financial statements,  or waive the benefits of, agree to modify in any
manner, terminate, release  any person from or knowingly fail to enforce any
confidentiality or similar  agreement to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or of  which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a beneficiary;   A-34   (n) except in the ordinary course of business,
modify, amend or  terminate any material contract or agreement to which the
Company or any of  its subsidiary is a party, or waive, delay the exercise
of, release or  assign any material rights or claims thereunder;   (o)
except as required by GAAP, revalue any of its assets or make any  change in
accounting methods, principles or practices;   (p) make any capital
expenditures in excess of $50,000 in any individual  case, and $400,000 in
the aggregate;   (q) incur or enter into any Contract requiring the Company
or any of its  subsidiaries to pay in excess of $25,000 in any individual
case;   (r) make any Tax election or accounting method change inconsistent
with  past practice that, individually or in the aggregate, would adversely
affect  in any material respect the Tax liability or Tax attributes of the
Company  or any of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or settle or
compromise any  material Tax liability, or consent to any extension or waiver
of any  limitation period with respect to Taxes; or   (s) agree in writing
or otherwise to take any of the actions referred to  in SECTION 5.1(a)
through SECTION 5.1(r) hereof, inclusive.   5.2 ADDITIONAL RESTRICTION ON
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE COMPANY. Except (i) as permitted by the terms of
this Agreement, or (ii) as otherwise approved by Parent and Merger Sub in
writing, at all times during the period commencing with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof or the
Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
subsidiaries to, take any action that would reasonably be expected to
cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code.   5.3 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY PARENT AND
MERGER SUB. Except (i) as permitted by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) as
set forth in SECTION 5.3 of the Parent Schedule, or (iii) as otherwise
approved by the Company in writing, at all times during the period commencing
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to ARTICLE
VIII hereof or the Effective Time, Parent and Merger Sub shall not, and shall
not permit any of their respective subsidiaries to do any of the
following:   (a) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any
other  distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property)
in  respect of any capital stock;   (b) effect any amendment to Parent\'s
Certificate of Incorporation that  would have an adverse effect on the rights
of holders of Parent Common Stock  (including, without limitation, the Parent
Common Stock to be issued as part  of the Merger Consideration);   (c)
acquire or agree to acquire, by merging or consolidating with, by  purchasing
an equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any  other manner,
any business or any corporation, partnership, association or  other business
organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or  agree to acquire
any assets of any other person, or dispose of any assets,  which, in any
case, would reasonably be expected to prevent or delay beyond  the
Termination Date the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement; or   (d) take any action that would
reasonably be expected to cause the  Merger to fail to qualify as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of  Section 368(a) of the Code.  
A-35   ARTICLE VI  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   6.1 NO SOLICITATION.   (a)
From and after the execution and delivery of this Agreement until  the
earlier to occur of the Effective Time or termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof, the Company and its subsidiaries shall not, 
nor will they authorize or permit any of their respective officers, 
directors, controlled affiliates or employees or any investment banker, 
attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to, 
directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, encourage or induce the 
making, submission or announcement of an Acquisition Proposal (as defined 
below), (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or 
furnish to any person any information relating to the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries, or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or 
records of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any person that has 
made, or take any other action intended to assist or facilitate any 
inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or would reasonably 
be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) engage in discussions 
or negotiations with any person with respect to an Acquisition Proposal, 
(iv) approve, endorse or recommend an Acquisition Proposal, or (v) enter 
into any letter of intent or similar Contract contemplating or otherwise 
relating to an Acquisition Transaction (as defined below); PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the Effective Time the 
Company Board may, directly or indirectly through advisors, agents or other 
intermediaries, subject to the Company\'s compliance with the terms of this 
SECTION 6.1, (A) engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with 
any person that has made (and not withdrawn) a BONA FIDE Acquisition 
Proposal that the Company Board reasonably concludes in good faith (after 
consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) 
constitutes a Superior Proposal, and/or (B) furnish to such person nonpublic 
information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to a 
confidentiality agreement with terms that in the aggregate are no less 
favorable to the Company than those contained in the Confidentiality 
Agreement, provided that in each case (1) none of the Company, any of its 
subsidiaries or any representative of the Company or its subsidiaries shall 
have violated any of the terms of this SECTION 6.1 in connection with such 
Acquisition Proposal, (2) the Company Board reasonably concludes in good 
faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that in light of 
such Superior Proposal such action is required in order for the Company 
Board to comply with its fiduciary obligations to the Company\'s
stockholders  under Delaware Law, (3) at least two (2) business days prior to
engaging or  participating in any such discussions or negotiations with, such
person, the  Company gives Parent written notice of the identity of such
person and all  of the material terms and conditions of such Acquisition
Proposal and of the  Company\'s intention to furnish nonpublic information
to, or engage or  participate in discussions or negotiations with, such
person, and  (4) contemporaneously with furnishing any such information to
such person,  the Company furnishes such information to Parent (to the extent
such  information has not been previously furnished by Company to Parent).
The  Company and its subsidiaries shall immediately cease any and all
existing  activities, discussions or negotiations with any persons
conducted  heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Without
limiting the  foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the
restrictions set forth  in this SECTION 6.1 by any officer, director or
employee of the Company or  any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker,
attorney or other advisor  or representative of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be deemed  to be a breach of this SECTION 6.1 by Company.
The Company shall not be  entitled to enter into any letter of intent or
similar document or any  Contract (other than a confidentiality agreement as
permitted by this  SECTION 6.1) contemplating or otherwise relating to an
Acquisition Proposal  unless and until this Agreement is terminated by its
terms pursuant to  ARTICLE VIII hereof and the Company has paid all amounts
due to Parent  pursuant to SECTION 8.4 hereof.   A-36   (b) For all
purposes of and under this Agreement, (i) the term  "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL"
shall mean any offer or proposal (other than an offer  or proposal by Parent)
relating to any Acquisition Transaction; (ii) the  term "ACQUISITION
TRANSACTION" shall mean any transaction or series of  related transactions
other than the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement involving: (A)
any acquisition or purchase from the Company by any  person or "group" (as
defined under Section 13d of the Exchange Act) of more  than a fifteen
percent (15%) interest in the total outstanding voting  securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or  exchange offer
that if consummated would result in any person or "group" (as  defined under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) beneficially owning fifteen  percent (15%)
or more of the total outstanding voting securities of the  Company or any of
its subsidiaries or any merger, consolidation, business  combination or
similar transaction involving the Company pursuant to which  the stockholders
of the Company immediately preceding such transaction hold  less than eighty
five percent (85%) of the equity interests in the surviving  or resulting
entity of such transaction; (B) any sale, lease (other than in  the ordinary
course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in  the ordinary
course of business), acquisition or disposition of more than  fifteen percent
(15%) of the assets of the Company; or (C) any liquidation,  dissolution,
recapitalization or other significant corporate reorganization  of the
Company; and (iii) the term "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall mean an  Acquisition
Proposal involving the acquisition of at least a majority of the  outstanding
voting securities of the Company with respect to which the  Company Board
shall have reasonably determined in good faith (after  consultation with a
financial advisor of a nationally recognized standing)  (A) taking into
account, among other things, the legal, financial and  regulatory aspects of
such Acquisition Proposal and the person making such  Acquisition Proposal,
that the acquiring party is capable of consummating  the proposed Acquisition
Transaction on the terms proposed (including,  without limitation, the
acquiring person\'s ability to obtain any necessary  financing), and (B) that
the proposed Acquisition Transaction would, if  consummated, be more
favorable to the Company\'s stockholders (in their  capacities as such), from
a financial point of view, than the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement.   (c) In addition to the obligations of Company set forth in 
SECTION 6.1(a) hereof, the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, advise 
Parent orally and in writing of any request for information which the 
Company reasonably believes could lead to a BONA FIDE Acquisition Proposal 
or of any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which the 
Company reasonably believes could lead to any BONA FIDE Acquisition 
Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition 
Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person making any such request, 
Acquisition Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall keep Parent informed of 
the status and details (including material amendments or proposed material 
amendments) of any such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry. In 
addition to the foregoing, the Company shall (i) provide Parent with at 
least forty eight (48) hours prior written notice (or such lesser prior 
notice as provided to the members of the Company Board) of any meeting of 
the Company Board at which the Company Board is reasonably expected to 
consider an Acquisition Proposal, and (ii) provide Parent with at least 
twenty four (24) hours prior written notice of a meeting of the Company 
Board at which the Company Board is reasonably expected to approve, endorse 
or recommend a Superior Proposal to its stockholders, and together with such 
notice a copy of the definitive documentation relating to such Superior 
Proposal.   6.2 COMPANY STOCKHOLDER MEETING. Promptly after the date hereof,
the Company shall take all action necessary under Delaware Law and the
Company Charter Documents to call and hold a meeting of the stockholders of
the Company (the "COMPANY STOCKHOLDER MEETING") to be held as promptly as
reasonably practicable for the purpose of voting upon the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger, and the Company
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to hold the Company Stockholder
Meeting as promptly as practicable after the date upon which the Registration
Statement is declared or ordered effective by the SEC. Notwithstanding
anything to the   A-37  contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Company
may adjourn or postpone the Company Stockholder Meeting to the extent
necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus is provided to the Company\'s stockholders in advance of
a vote on this Agreement and the Merger at the Company Stockholder Meeting or
if, as of the time for which the Company Stockholder Meeting (as set forth in
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus), there are insufficient shares of Company
Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) at the Company
Stockholder Meeting to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct business at
the Company Stockholder Meeting. Subject to SECTION 6.3(c) hereof, the
Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement
and the approval of the Merger, and shall take all other
commercially reasonable action necessary or advisable to secure the Requisite
Company Stockholder Vote at the Company Stockholder Meeting. The Company
shall ensure that the Company Stockholder Meeting is called, noticed,
convened, held and conducted, and that all proxies solicited by the Company
in connection with the Company Stockholder Meeting, are solicited in
compliance with Delaware Law, the Company Charter Documents, the rules of the
Nasdaq and all other applicable Legal Requirements. Unless this Agreement
shall be earlier terminated pursuant to ARTICLE VIII hereof, the Company
shall call and hold the Company Stockholder Meeting for the purpose of voting
upon the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the approval of the
Merger whether or not the Company Board at any time subsequent to the date
hereof determines that this Agreement is no longer advisable or recommends
that Company\'s stockholders reject it. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company\'s obligation to establish
a record date for, call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company
Stockholder Meeting pursuant to this SECTION 6.2 shall not be limited to or
otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement
or submission to the Company of any Acquisition Proposal.   6.3 PREPARATION
AND FILING OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS;
WITHDRAWAL OF COMPANY BOARD RECOMMENDATION.   (a) Promptly after the date
hereof, Parent and the Company shall prepare  and the Company shall file with
the SEC a proxy statement for use in  connection with the solicitation of
proxies from the Company\'s stockholders  in favor of the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and the approval of  the Merger at the Company
Stockholder Meeting (the "PROXY  STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS"), and Parent and the
Company shall prepare and Parent  shall file with the SEC a registration
statement on Form S-4 (or any  successor form thereto) (the "REGISTRATION
STATEMENT") for the offer and  sale of the Parent Common Stock pursuant to
the Merger and in which the  Proxy Statement/ Prospectus will be included as
a prospectus. Each of Parent  and the Company shall provide promptly to the
other such information  concerning its business and financial statements and
affairs as, in the  reasonable judgment of the providing party or its
counsel, may be required  or appropriate for inclusion in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the  Registration Statement, or in any amendments or
supplements thereto, and to  cause its counsel and auditors to cooperate with
the other\'s counsel and  auditors in the preparation of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the  Registration Statement. Each of Parent and the
Company shall use all  commercially reasonable efforts to have the
Registration Statement declared  or ordered effective under the Securities
Act as promptly as practicable  after such filing with the SEC. The Company
shall use all commercially  reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to  the Company\'s stockholders as promptly
as practicable after the Registration  Statement is declared or ordered
effective under the Securities Act. Parent  shall also take any action (other
than qualifying to do business in any  jurisdiction in which it is not now so
qualified or to file a general  consent to service of process) required to be
taken under any applicable  state securities laws in connection with the
issuance of Parent Common Stock  in the Merger and the Company shall furnish
all information concerning the  Company and the holders of capital stock of
the Company as may be reasonably  requested in connection with any such
action and the preparation, filing and  distribution of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus. No filing of, or amendment  or supplement to, or  
A-38   correspondence to the SEC or its staff with respect to, the
Registration  Statement will be made by Parent, or with respect to the
Proxy  Statement/Prospectus will be made by Company, without providing the
other  party hereto a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon.
Parent  will advise the Company, promptly after it receives notice thereof,
of the  time when the Registration Statement has become effective or any
supplement  or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the
suspension  of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock issuable in
connection with  the Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any
request by the  SEC for amendment of the Registration Statement or comments
thereon and  responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information. The  Company shall advise Parent, promptly after it receives
notice thereof, of  any request by the SEC for the amendment of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests
by the SEC for  additional information. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any  information relating to Parent or the Company, or any of their
respective  affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by Parent
or the  Company which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to
either of  the Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, so
that any of  such documents would not include any misstatement of a material
fact or omit  to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in  light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, the  party which discovers such information shall promptly notify
the other party  or parties hereto, as applicable, and an appropriate
amendment or supplement  to the Registration Statement and/or the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  describing such information shall be promptly filed
with the SEC and, to the  extent required by applicable law, disseminated to
the stockholders of the  Company. Each of the parties hereto shall cause the
Proxy Statement/  Prospectus to comply as to form and substance to such party
in all material  respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act, the  Securities Act and the rules of the Nasdaq.   (b) Subject to the
terms of SECTION 6.3(c) hereof, (i) the Company Board  shall recommend that
the Company\'s stockholders vote in favor of the  adoption and approval of
this Agreement and the approval of the Merger at  the Company Stockholder
Meeting; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company Board  shall submit this
Agreement to the Company\'s stockholders whether or not at  any time
subsequent to the date hereof the Company Board determines that it  can no
longer make such recommendation, (ii) the Proxy Statement/Prospectus  shall
include a statement to the effect that the Company Board has  recommended
that the Company\'s stockholders vote in favor of the adoption  and approval
of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger at the Company  Stockholder
Meeting, and (iii) neither the Company Board nor any committee  thereof shall
withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or resolve to withdraw,  amend or
modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the recommendation of the  Company
Board that the Company\'s stockholders vote in favor of the adoption  and
approval of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger at the Company 
Stockholder Meeting.   (c) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the
Company Board from  withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying its
unanimous recommendation  in favor of the approval and adoption of this
Agreement and approval of the  Merger if (i) a Superior Offer is made to the
Company and is not withdrawn,  (ii) neither the Company nor any of its
representatives shall have violated  any of the terms of SECTION 6.1 hereof,
and (iii) the Company Board  concludes in good faith, after consultation with
its outside counsel, that,  in light of such Superior Offer, the withholding,
withdrawal, amendment or  modification of such recommendation is required in
order for the Company  Board to comply with its fiduciary duties to the
Company\'s stockholders  under Delaware Law; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that prior to
any commencement  thereof the Company shall have given Parent at least
seventy two (72) hours  notice thereof. Nothing contained in this SECTION
6.3(c) shall limit the  Company\'s obligation to hold and convene the Company
Stockholder Meeting  (regardless of whether the unanimous recommendation of
the Company Board  shall have been withdrawn, amended or modified). Nothing
in this  SECTION 6.3(c) shall prohibit the Company   A-39   Board from
(i) taking and disclosing to the Company\'s stockholders a  position
contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act,  (ii)
complying with the provisions of Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the  Exchange
Act, or (iii) making any disclosure that is required to comply with  the
Company Board\'s duty of candor (including, without limitation, a change  of
recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement  and
the approval of the Merger by the Company\'s stockholders) to the  Company\'s
stockholders under Delaware Law, provided that the Company Board  concludes
in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel,  that
taking any of the actions referred to in the foregoing clauses (i),  (ii) or
(iii) is required in order for the Company Board to comply with its 
fiduciary obligations to the Company\'s stockholders under Delaware Law.  
6.4 CONFIDENTIALITY. The parties acknowledge that Company and Parent
have previously executed a Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of June 1,
2001 (the "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"), which will continue in full force and
effect in accordance with its terms.   6.5 ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The
Company and Parent shall afford each other and their respective accountants,
counsel and other representatives reasonable access during normal business
hours, upon reasonable notice, to their respective properties, books, records
and personnel during the period prior to the Effective Time to obtain all
information concerning their respective businesses, including the status of
product development efforts, properties, results of operations and personnel,
as either Parent or the Company may reasonably request. No information or
knowledge obtained by Parent or the Company in any investigation pursuant to
this SECTION 6.5 will affect or be deemed to modify any representation or
warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties
to consummate the Merger.   6.6 PUBLIC DISCLOSURE. Parent and the Company
shall consult with each other, and agree, before issuing any press release or
otherwise making any public statement with respect to this Agreement, the
Merger, the other party or parties hereto, or any Acquisition Proposal, and
shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement
prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable law or
any listing agreement with a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq, in
which case reasonable efforts to consult with the other party will be made
prior to any such release or public statement.   6.7 COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
EFFORTS. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall use its
respective commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
reasonable actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other party or parties hereto in doing, all things
reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective,
in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, to
accomplish the following: (i) causing of the conditions precedent set forth
in ARTICLE VII hereto be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary
actions or nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and
authorizations from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations, declarations and filings (including registrations,
declarations and filings with Governmental Entities, if any) and the taking
of all commercially reasonable steps as may be necessary to avoid any suit,
claim, action, investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii)
the defending of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or proceedings,
whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby,
including, without limitation, seeking to have any stay or temporary
restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated
or reversed; and (iv) the execution or delivery of any additional instruments
reasonably necessary to consummate the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby, and to fully carry out the purposes and intent of, this
Agreement. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company
and the Company Board shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute
or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement or any of the  
A-40  transactions contemplated by this Agreement, use all commercially
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all reasonable actions to
ensure that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation
on this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
require Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate
thereof to agree to any divestiture (including, without limitation, through a
licensing arrangement) by itself or any of its affiliates of shares of
capital stock or of any business, assets or property, or the imposition of
any limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their business or to
own or exercise control of such assets, properties and stock.   6.8
NOTIFICATION. The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent upon becoming
aware that any representation or warranty made by it contained in
this Agreement has become materially untrue or inaccurate, or of any failure
of the Company to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by the
Company under this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such notification
shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
Company set forth in this Agreement or the conditions to the obligations of
the Company set forth in this Agreement. Parent shall give prompt notice to
the Company upon becoming aware that any representation or warranty made by
Parent or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement has become materially untrue
or inaccurate, or of any failure of Parent or Merger Sub to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by Parent or Merger Sub under this Agreement;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of Parent or Merger Sub
or the conditions to the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under this
Agreement.   6.9 THIRD PARTY CONSENTS. As soon as practicable following the
date hereof, the Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain all consents, waivers and approvals set forth in SECTION 3.6 of the
Company Schedule that Parent has requested in writing that the Company
obtain.   6.10 COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS; COMPANY ESPP.   (a) COMPANY STOCK
OPTIONS.   (i) At the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option, whether or
not  then vested or exercisable, shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company 
Stock Option so assumed by Parent under this Agreement will continue to 
have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions of such options 
immediately prior to the Effective Time (including, without limitation,  any
repurchase rights or vesting provisions), except that (i) each  Company Stock
Option will be exercisable (or will become exercisable in  accordance with
its terms) for that number of whole shares of Parent  Common Stock equal to
the product (rounded down to the nearest whole  number of shares of Parent
Common Stock) of the number of shares of  Company Common Stock that were
issuable upon exercise of such Company  Stock Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the  Option Exchange Ratio and (ii) the per
share exercise price for the  shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of such assumed  Company Stock Option will be equal to the quotient
(rounded up to the  nearest whole cent) determined by dividing the exercise
price per share  of Company Common Stock at which such Company Stock Option
was  exercisable immediately prior to Closing by the Option Exchange Ratio. 
For purposes of this SECTION 6.10(a) the term "OPTION EXCHANGE RATIO"  shall
mean the sum of (x) the Stock Portion, and (y) the quotient  determined by
dividing the Cash Portion by the fair market value of one  (1) share of
Parent Common Stock, as determined at the Effective Time.   (ii) As promptly
as practicable (but in no event more than 30  calendar days) following the
Effective Time, Parent shall file, if  available for use by Parent, a
registration statement on   A-41   Form S-8 to register under the
Securities Act the issuance and resale of  all shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the  Company Stock Options assumed by Parent
pursuant to SECTION 6.9(a)  hereof.   (b) COMPANY ESPP. The Company shall
take all steps necessary or  appropriate (as determined by Parent) to
terminate the Company ESPP on  either (i) the day immediately prior to the
Effective Time, or (ii) the last  day of the last full payroll period ending
immediately prior to the  Effective Time.   6.11 EMPLOYEE MATTERS.   (a)
The Company shall terminate, effective as of the day immediately  preceding
the date the Company becomes a member of the same Controlled Group  of
Corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the Code) as Parent (the 
"401(K) TERMINATION DATE"), any and all 401(k) plans maintained by the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries unless Parent shall provide notice to the 
Company that any such 401(k) plan(s) shall not be terminated pursuant to 
this SECTION 6.11. The Company shall provide Parent evidence that the 401(k) 
plan(s) of the Company and its subsidiaries have been terminated pursuant to 
resolutions of the Company Board or the board of directors of its 
subsidiaries, as applicable (the form and substance of such resolutions 
shall be subject to review and approval of Parent), effective as of the 
401(k) Termination Date. All employees of the Company shall continue on 
their existing benefit plans until such time as, in Parent\'s sole 
discretion, an orderly transition can be accomplished to employee benefit 
plans and programs maintained by Parent for its and its affiliates\' 
employees. Pending such action, Parent shall maintain the effectiveness of 
the Company\'s benefit plans.   (b) To the extent permitted under applicable
law, each employee of the  Company or its subsidiaries who shall become an
employee of Parent in  connection with the Merger shall be given credit for
all service with the  Company or its subsidiaries (or service credited by the
Company or its  subsidiaries) under all employee benefit plans, programs,
policies and  arrangements maintained by Parent or the Surviving Corporation
(other than  sabbatical benefits, for which employees of the Company or its
subsidiaries  will not receive any such past service credit) in which they
participate or  in which they become participants for purposes of eligibility
and vesting;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such credit shall be provided in any
circumstance  that would result in duplicative benefits, and PROVIDED,
FURTHER, HOWEVER,  that such insurance carriers, outside providers or the
like are able to  honor such commitments or terms reasonably acceptable to
Parent.   (c) The Company shall terminate any and all group severance,
separation  or salary continuation plans, programs or arrangements maintained
by the  Company or any of its subsidiaries, effective in each case as of the
day  immediately preceding the Effective Time. The Company shall provide
Parent  evidence that such plans have been terminated pursuant to resolutions
of the  Company Board or the board of directors of its subsidiaries, as
applicable  (the form and substance of which resolutions shall be subject to
review and  approval of Parent).   6.12 RIGHTS PLAN AMENDMENT.   (a) From
the date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur of the  termination
Agreement pursuant ARTICLE VIII hereof or the Effective Time,  the Company
and the Company Board shall not amend or modify, or take any  other action
with regard to the Company Rights Plan in any manner, or take  any other
action so as to (i) render the Company Rights Plan inapplicable to  any
transaction other than the Merger and other transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement and the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions 
contemplated thereby, or (ii) permit any person (other than Parent, Merger 
Sub or any of their affiliates) who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person 
(as defined in the Company Rights Plan) not to be an Acquiring Person 
thereunder, or (iii) provide that a Distribution Date or a Stock Acquisition 
Date (as such terms are defined in the   A-42   Company Rights Plan) or
similar event does not occur as promptly as  practicable by reason of the
execution of any agreement or transaction other  than this Agreement and the
Company Voting Agreements and the Merger and the  agreements and transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, or (iv) except  as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement, otherwise affect the rights  of holders of Company Rights,
or (v) otherwise render the Company Rights  Plan applicable to Parent or its
affiliates.   (b) In the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant
to  ARTICLE VIII hereof or otherwise (other than the termination of this 
Agreement by the Company pursuant to SECTION 8.1(c)(I) hereof) the Company 
shall not, for a period of six months from such termination, amend, modify, 
terminate or otherwise rescind the Rights Plan Amendment without the prior 
written consent of Parent.   6.13 DIRECTORS\' AND OFFICERS\'
INDEMNIFICATION.   (a) For a period six (6) years from and after the
Effective Time, Parent  shall cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and
honor in all respects  the obligations of the Company under any
indemnification agreements between  the Company and its directors and
officers in effect immediately prior to  the Effective Time (the "COMPANY
INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") and any  indemnification provisions under the Company
Charter Documents as in effect  on the date hereof to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law. The  Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation shall contain  provisions with respect to exculpation
and indemnification that are at least  as favorable to the Company
Indemnified Parties as those contained in the  Company Charter Documents as
in effect on the date hereof, which provisions  shall not be amended,
repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that  would adversely affect the
rights thereunder of individuals who, immediately  prior to the Effective
Time, were directors, officers, employees or agents  of the Company, unless
such modification is required by applicable law.   (b) For a period of six
(6) years from and after the Effective Time,  Parent shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect, if  available, directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance covering those  persons who are currently
covered by the Company\'s directors\' and officers\'  liability insurance
policy in an amount and on terms no less advantageous,  when taken as a
whole, to those applicable to the current directors and  officers of the
Company; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall Parent or  the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend an annual premium for such  coverage in
excess of 150% of the annual premium currently paid by the  Company under its
directors\' and officer\'s liability insurance policy in  effect as of the
date hereof, and if the cost for such coverage is in excess  of such amount,
the Surviving Corporation shall only be required to maintain  such coverage
as is available for such amount; and PROVIDED FURTHER,  HOWEVER, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent may fulfill its  obligations under this
SECTION 6.13(b) by purchasing a policy of directors\'  and officers\'
insurance approved in advance by the Company, or a "tail"  policy under the
Company\'s existing directors\' and officers\' insurance  policy, in either
case which (i) has an effective term of six (6) years from  the Effective
Time, (ii) covers only those persons who are currently covered  by the
Company\'s directors\' and officers\' insurance policy in effect as of  the
date hereof and only for actions and omissions occurring on or prior to  the
Effective Time, (iii) contains terms and conditions (including, without 
limitation, coverage amounts) that are no less advantageous, when taken as a 
whole, to those applicable to the current directors and officers of the 
Company.   (c) In the event the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective  successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other person  and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such  consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of
its  properties and assets to any person, proper provisions shall be made so
that  the successors and   A-43   assigns of the Surviving Corporation,
assume or continue the obligations set  forth in this SECTION 6.13.   (d)
The provisions of this SECTION 6.13 shall survive the consummation  of the
Merger at the Effective Time and continue for the periods specified  in this
SECTION 6.13 and are (i) intended to be for the benefit of, and  shall be
enforceable by, each of the Indemnified Parties and their  respective heirs
and representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in  substitution for,
any other rights to indemnification or contribution that  any such person may
have by contract or otherwise.   6.14 REGULATORY FILINGS. As soon as may be
reasonably practicable, the Company and Parent each shall file with the FTC
and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ Notification and Report Forms relating
to the transactions contemplated herein as required by the HSR Act, as well
as comparable pre-merger notification filings and submissions with any
foreign Governmental Entity as the parties may agree in their best judgment
are necessary, material or appropriate. The Company and Parent each shall (i)
cooperate and coordinate with one another in the making of such filings, (ii)
supply the other with any information which may be required in order to
effectuate such filings, and (iii) supply any additional information which
may be required by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger control
authorities of any other Governmental Entity; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent
shall not be required to agree to any divestiture by Parent, the Company or
any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of capital stock
or of any business, assets or property of Parent, the Company or any of their
respective subsidiaries or affiliates, or the imposition of any limitation on
the ability of any of the foregoing to conduct their respective businesses or
to own or exercise control of their respective assets, properties and
stock.   6.15 COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS. SECTION 6.15 of the Company
Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of those persons who may be
deemed to be, in the Company\'s reasonable judgment, affiliates of the
Company within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act
(each, a "COMPANY AFFILIATE" and collectively, the "COMPANY AFFILIATES"). The
Company shall provide Parent with such information and documents as Parent
reasonably requests for purposes of reviewing and evaluating the foregoing
schedule of Company Affiliates. Parent will be entitled to place appropriate
legends on the certificates evidencing any Parent Common Stock to be issued
to a Company Affiliate pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and to issue
appropriate stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for the Parent
Common Stock, consistent with the terms of the Company Affiliate Agreements.
The Company and Parent will comply with each of their respective obligations
and covenants under each of the Company Affiliate Agreements.   6.16 NASDAQ
LISTING. If required by applicable rules of the Nasdaq, Parent shall cause
the listing on the Nasdaq of the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable, and
those required to be reserved for issuance, pursuant to the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, subject to official notice
of issuance.   6.17 OBLIGATIONS OF MERGER SUB. Parent shall take all action
necessary to cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement
and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement.   6.18 PARENT BOARD DESIGNEE. At the Effective Time, the Company
shall be entitled to designate one (1) director (the "COMPANY DESIGNEE") on
the Parent Board, who shall serve for an initial term ending on the date of
the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders of Parent. If Parent\'s
next scheduled annual meeting of stockholders is scheduled to occur within
six (6) months of the Effective Time, Parent shall take all commercially
reasonable actions necessary to cause the Company Designee to be so elected
or appointed to the Parent Board at or immediately after such next annual
meeting of stockholders, including, without limitation, at the option of
Parent, by either increasing the size of the Parent Board or seeking and
accepting the resignations of such number of then incumbent directors  
A-44  (subject to any limitations set forth in Parent\'s Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws) as is necessary to enable the Company Designee to be
so elected or appointed to the Parent Board.   6.19 SECTION 16 AFFILIATES.
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall take all such steps as may be
required to provide that, with respect to each Section 16 Affiliate, (i) the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) any other dispositions
of Company equity securities (including derivative securities) or other
acquisitions of Parent equity securities (including derivative securities) in
connection with this Merger, shall be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in that certain No-Action Letter, dated January 12, 1999, issued by the SEC
to Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP.   ARTICLE VII  CONDITIONS TO
THE MERGER   7.1 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE
COMPANY. The respective obligations of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver, where permissible, of
each of the following conditions at or prior to the Effective Time:   (a)
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Requisite Company Stockholder Approval  shall have
been obtained.   (b) LITIGATION. No court or other Governmental Entity of
competent  jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered  any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, judgment, decree,
injunction  or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent)
which is in  effect and which has the effect of making the Merger illegal or
otherwise  prohibiting the consummation of the Merger.   (c) REGULATORY
APPROVALS. All waiting periods under the HSR Act  relating to the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby shall  have expired or been
terminated early, and all material foreign antitrust  approvals required to
be obtained prior to the consummation of the Merger in  connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been  obtained, the failure of
obtaining which would have the effect of making the  Merger illegal in such
jurisdiction.   (d) NO STOP ORDERS. The Registration Statement shall have
been  declared or ordered effective under the Securities Act by the SEC. No
stop  order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall
have  been issued or be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, and
no  similar proceeding in respect of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, shall
have  been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC.   (e) NASDAQ
LISTING. If required by applicable rules of the Nasdaq, the  shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable to the Company\'s stockholders in  connection with the
Merger pursuant to this Agreement, and such other shares  required to be
reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger, shall  have been
authorized for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice  of
issuance.   (f) TAX OPINIONS. Parent and the Company shall each have
received  written opinions from their respective tax counsel (Wilson
Sonsini  Goodrich and Rosati, Professional Corporation, and Gunderson Dettmer
Stough  Villeneuve Franklin and Hachigian, LLP, respectively), in form and
substance  reasonably satisfactory to each of them, to the effect that the
Merger will  constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the  Code and such opinions shall not have been withdrawn. Each of
Parent, Merger  Sub and the Company shall make such customary representations
as requested  by such counsel for the purpose of rendering such opinions.  
7.2 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The obligations of
the Company to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby shall be subject to the   A-45  satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following conditions at or prior to the Effective Time,
any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the Company:   (a)
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each representation and warranty  of Parent
and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement shall have been true  and correct
as of the date hereof and shall be true and correct on and as of  the Closing
Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing  Date, except
(i) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not constitute a  Material
Adverse Effect on Parent, (ii) for changes contemplated by this  Agreement,
and (iii) for those representations and warranties which address  matters
only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been  true and
correct (subject to the qualifications as set forth in the  preceding clause
(i)) as of such particular date) (it being understood that,  for purposes of
determining the accuracy of such representations and  warranties, (A) all
"Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other  qualifications based on
the word "material" or similar phrases contained in  such representations and
warranties shall be disregarded and (B) any update  of or modification to the
Parent Schedule made or purported to have been  made after the date of this
Agreement shall be disregarded). The Company  shall have received a
certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on  behalf of each of Parent
and Merger Sub by an authorized officer of each of  Parent and Merger
Sub.   (b) AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. Parent and Merger Sub shall have 
performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and 
covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by 
Parent and/or Merger Sub on or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company 
shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of each of 
Parent and Merger Sub by an authorized officer of each of Parent and Merger 
Sub.   7.3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER
SUB. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions at or prior to the
Effective Time, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by Parent
and Merger Sub:   (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each representation
and warranty  of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall have been true
and correct  as of the date hereof and shall be true and correct on and as of
the Closing  Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the
Closing  Date, except (i) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not
constitute a  Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (ii) for changes
contemplated by  this Agreement and (iii) for those representations and
warranties which  address matters only as of a particular date (which
representations shall  have been true and correct (subject to the
qualifications as set forth in  the preceding clause (i)) as of such
particular date) (it being understood  that, for purposes of determining the
accuracy of such representations and  warranties, (A) all "Material Adverse
Effect" qualifications and other  qualifications based on the word "material"
or similar phrases contained in  such representations and warranties shall be
disregarded and (B) any update  of or modification to the Company Schedule
made or purported to have been  made after the date of this Agreement shall
be disregarded). Parent shall  have received a certificate with respect to
the foregoing signed on behalf  of the Company by an authorized officer of
the Company.   (b) AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. The Company shall have
performed or  complied in all material respects with all agreements and
covenants required  by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it
at or prior to the  Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a
certificate to such effect  signed on behalf of the Company by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief  Financial Officer of the Company.  
A-46   ARTICLE VIII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   8.1 TERMINATION.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned, at any time
prior to the Effective Time (it being agreed that the party hereto
terminating this Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.1 shall give prompt
written notice of such termination to the other party or parties hereto):  
(a) by mutual written agreement of Parent and the Company.   (b) by either
Parent or the Company, if:   (i) the Merger shall not have been consummated
on or before  October 31, 2001 (the "TERMINATION DATE"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that in the  event that the Merger shall not have been consummated on or
before  October 31, 2001 solely as a result of the failure to obtain all 
regulatory Approvals required to consummate the Merger, the Termination  Date
shall be extended for two successive thirty (30) calendar day  periods
(provided that in no event will the Termination Date be extended  beyond
December 31, 2001); and PROVIDED FURTHER, HOWEVER, that the right  to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.1(b)(I) shall not  be
available to any party hereto whose failure to fulfill any obligation  under
this Agreement has been the principal cause of, or resulted in the  failure
of, the Merger to have been consummated on or before the  Termination Date
and such action or failure to act constitutes a material  breach of this
Agreement; or   (ii) the Requisite Company Stockholder Approval shall not
have been  obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at
a  meeting of the Company stockholders duly convened therefor or at any 
adjournment thereof; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the right to terminate this 
Agreement under this SECTION 8.1(b)(II) shall not be available to the 
Company where the failure to obtain the Requisite Company Stockholder 
Approval shall have been caused by the action or failure to act of the 
Company and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach  by
the Company of this Agreement; or   (iii) there shall have been enacted,
issued, promulgated or enforced  any law, rule or regulation that makes the
consummation of the Merger  illegal, or any judgment, injunction, order or
decree of any Governmental  Entity having competent jurisdiction permanently
restraining, enjoining  or otherwise prohibiting Parent or the Company from
consummating the  Merger, and such judgment, injunction, order or decree
shall have become  final and nonappealable.   (c) by the Company:   (i)
in the event of a material breach of any covenant or agreement on  the part
of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement, or in the  event that
any representation or warranty of Parent and Merger Sub set  forth in this
Agreement shall have been inaccurate when made or shall  have become
inaccurate, in either case such that the condition set forth  in SECTION 7.2
hereof would not be satisfied as of the time of such  breach or as of the
time such representation or warranty shall have  become untrue; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in  the event that such breach
by Parent or Merger Sub or such inaccuracies  in the representations and
warranties of Parent or Merger Sub are curable  by Parent or Merger Sub
through the exercise of its commercially  reasonable efforts, then the
Company shall not be permitted to terminate  this Agreement pursuant to this
SECTION 8.1(c)(I) until the earlier to  occur of (A) the expiration of a
thirty (30) calendar day period after  delivery of written notice from the
Company to Parent of breach or  inaccuracy, as applicable, or (B) Parent or
Merger Sub ceasing to  exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such
breach or  inaccuracy,   A-47   provided that Parent or Merger Sub
continues to exercise commercially  reasonable efforts to cure such breach or
inaccuracy (it being understood  that the Company may not terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this  SECTION 8.1(c)(I) if such breach or inaccuracy by
Parent or Merger Sub is  cured within such thirty (30) calendar day period);
or   (ii) prior to entering into a definitive agreement with respect to an 
Superior Proposal, provided that (A) the Company has not breached and is  not
then in breach of the terms of SECTION 6.1 hereof, (B) subject to the  terms
of this Agreement, the Company Board has authorized the Company to  enter
into a definitive agreement for a transaction that constitutes a  Superior
Proposal, (C) the Company has notified Parent in writing that  the Company
has received an Acquisition Proposal that constitutes a  Superior Proposal
and intends to enter into a definitive agreement with  respect to such
Superior Proposal, which notice shall include the most  current version of
such definitive agreement and the identity of the  person making such
Superior Proposal, all with the purpose and intent of  enabling Parent and
the Company to discuss in good faith a modification  of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement so that the transactions  contemplated hereby
may be effected, (D) Parent does not make, within  five (5) business days
after receipt of the Company\'s written notice of  its intention to enter
into a definitive agreement with respect to such  Superior Proposal, an offer
that the Company Board reasonably determines  in good faith, after
consultation with a financial advisor of nationally  recognized standing and
its outside legal counsel, is at least as  favorable to Company\'s
stockholders as such Superior Proposal, and  (E) concurrently with the
termination of this Agreement, the Company pays  to Parent the Termination
Fee set forth in SECTION 8.4 hereof and enters  into a definitive agreement
with respect to such Superior Proposal.   (d) by Parent:   (i) in the
event of a material breach of any covenant or agreement on  the part of the
Company set forth in this Agreement, or in the event that  any representation
or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement  shall have been
inaccurate when made or shall have become inaccurate, in  either case such
that the condition set forth in SECTION 7.3 hereof would  not be satisfied as
of the time of such breach or as of the time such  representation or warranty
shall have become untrue; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,  that notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that such breach by the  Company or such inaccuracies
in the representations and warranties of the  Company are curable by the
Company through the exercise of its  commercially reasonable efforts, then
Parent shall not be permitted to  terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
SECTION 8.1(d)(I) until the  earlier to occur of (A) the expiration of a
thirty (30) calendar day  period after delivery of written notice from Parent
to the Company of  such breach or inaccuracy, as applicable, or (B) the
ceasing by the  Company to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure
such breach  or inaccuracy, provided that the Company continues to exercise 
commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach or inaccuracy (it  being
understood that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to  this
SECTION 8.1(d)(I) if such breach or inaccuracy by the Company is  cured
within such thirty (30) calendar day period); or   (ii) if a Triggering
Event shall have occurred. For purposes of this  SECTION 8.1, a "TRIGGERING
EVENT" shall be deemed to have occurred if,  prior to the Effective Time: (A)
the Company Board or any committee  thereof shall for any reason have
directly or indirectly withheld,  withdrawn, amended or modified its
recommendation (including, without  limitation, by virtue of taking any
position or making any disclosure  pursuant to the last sentence of SECTION
6.3(c) hereof) in favor of the  adoption and approval of this Agreement or
the approval of the Merger by  the Company\'s stockholders (collectively, the
"RECOMMENDATIONS");  (B) the Company shall have failed to include the
Recommendations in the  Proxy Statement/ Prospectus; (C) the Company Board or
any committee  thereof shall have approved, or   A-48   recommended that
the Company stockholders approve, an Acquisition  Proposal; (D) the Company
shall have entered into any letter of intent or  similar document or a
Contract (other than a confidentiality agreement as  permitted by SECTION 6.1
hereof) accepting an Acquisition Proposal; or  (E) a tender or exchange offer
shall have been commenced by a person  unaffiliated with Parent, and the
Company shall not have sent to its  stockholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2
promulgated under the Securities Act,  within ten (10) business days after
such tender or exchange offer is  first published, sent or given to the
Company\'s stockholders, a statement  reaffirming the Recommendations and
recommending that the Company\'s  stockholders reject such tender or exchange
offer.   8.2 NOTICE OF TERMINATION; EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Any termination
of this Agreement under SECTION 8.1 hereof will be effective immediately upon
(or if this Agreement is terminated is pursuant to SECTION 8.1(c)(I)
or SECTION 8.1(d)(I) hereof and the proviso is applicable, thirty (30) days
after) the delivery of written notice of the terminating party to the other
party or parties hereto, as applicable. In the event of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to SECTION 8.1 hereof, this Agreement shall be of no
further force or effect without liability of any party (or any stockholder,
director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or representative of such
party) to the other parties hereto, except (i) as set forth in this SECTION
8.2, SECTION 8.3 and ARTICLE IX hereof, each of which shall survive the
termination of this Agreement, and (ii) that nothing herein shall relieve any
party from liability for any intentional or willful breach of this Agreement.
No termination of this Agreement shall affect the obligations of the parties
contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, all of which obligations shall
survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.   8.3
FEES AND EXPENSES.   (a) GENERAL. Except as set forth in this SECTION 8.3,
all fees and  expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated hereby shall be paid by the respective party
incurring such  fees and expenses whether or not the Merger or any other
transaction  contemplated hereby is consummated; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
notwithstanding  the foregoing, Parent and the Company shall share equally
(i) all fees and  expenses (other than attorneys\' and accountants\' fees and
expenses) in  connection with the printing, filing and mailing of the
Registration  Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (including any
preliminary  materials related thereto and including the financial statements
included  therein and exhibits thereto) and any amendments or supplements
thereto, and  (ii) any filing fees required to be paid under the HSR Act or
in connection  with any Foreign Filings.   (b) COMPANY PAYMENTS.   (i) In
the event that this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant  to SECTION
8.1(d)(II) hereof, the Company shall pay to Parent a fee equal  to Forty
Million Dollars ($40,000,000) by wire transfer of immediately  available
funds to an account designated in writing by Parent (the  "TERMINATION FEE
AMOUNT").   (ii) The Company shall pay to Parent a fee equal to the
Termination  Fee Amount, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
an account  designated in writing by Parent, within one (1) business day
after demand  by Parent, in the event that (A) this Agreement is terminated
by Parent  or the Company pursuant to SECTION 8.1(b)(I) or SECTION
8.1(b)(II)  hereof, or (B) this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant
to  SECTION 8.1(d)(I), and (x) following the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and prior to the termination of this Agreement, an Acquisition 
Proposal shall have been publicly announced or shall have become publicly 
known and shall not have been unconditionally and publicly withdrawn, and 
(y) within twelve (12) months following the termination of this  Agreement,
either a Company Acquisition (as defined below) is  consummated, or the
Company enters into a letter of intent or Contract  providing for a Company
Acquisition and any Company Acquisition is later  consummated.   A-49  
(iii) In the event that this Agreement is terminated by the Company  pursuant
to SECTION 8.1(c)(II) hereof, as a condition and prior to such  termination,
the Company shall pay to Parent a fee equal to the  Termination Fee Amount by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to  an account designated in
writing by Parent.   (c) DEFINITION OF COMPANY ACQUISITION. For purposes of
this  SECTION 8.3, the term "COMPANY ACQUISITION" shall mean any of the
following  transactions or a series of related transactions having any of the
following  effects (other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement): (i) a  merger, consolidation, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation,  dissolution or similar transaction involving
the Company pursuant to which  the shareholders of Company immediately
preceding such transaction hold less  than fifty percent (50%) of the
aggregate equity interests in the surviving  or resulting entity of such
transaction; (ii) a sale or other disposition by  the Company of assets
representing in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the  aggregate fair market
value of the Company\'s business immediately prior to  such sale; or (iii)
the acquisition by any person or group (including by way  of a tender offer
or an exchange offer or issuance by the Company), directly  or indirectly, of
beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial  ownership of shares
representing in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the  voting power of the
then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company.   (d)
ENFORCEABILITY. The Company hereby acknowledges that the  agreements set
forth in this SECTION 8.3 are an integral part of the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without such  agreements, Parent
would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, if the  Company shall fail
to pay in a timely manner the amounts due pursuant to  this SECTION 8.3, and,
in order to obtain such payment, Parent makes a claim  that results in a
judgment against the Company, the Company shall pay to  Parent its reasonable
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'  fees and expenses) in
connection with such suit, together with interest on  the amounts set forth
in this SECTION 8.3 at the base rate established by  Citibank, N.A. in effect
on the date such payment was required to be made.  Payment of the fees set
forth in this SECTION 8.3 shall not be in lieu of  damages incurred in the
event of breach of this Agreement.   8.4 AMENDMENT. Subject to applicable
law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time by
execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of Parent,
Merger Sub and Company.   8.5 EXTENSION; WAIVER. At any time prior to the
Effective Time any party hereto may, to the extent legally allowed and except
as otherwise set forth herein, (i) extend the time for the performance of any
of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such party
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of such
party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. Delay in exercising any right under
this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.   ARTICLE IX 
GENERAL PROVISIONS   9.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS; WARRANTIES AND
COVENANTS. The representations, warranties and covenants of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company set forth in this Agreement shall terminate at the
Effective Time, and only the covenants that by their terms survive the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, the terms of SECTION 6.19
hereof) shall survive the Effective Time.   9.2 NOTICES. All notices and
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
if delivered personally or by commercial delivery service, or sent via
telecopy (receipt   A-50  confirmed) to the parties at the following
addresses or telecopy numbers (or at such other address or telecopy numbers
for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to Parent or
Merger Sub, to:   Peregrine Systems, Inc  3611 Valley Centre Drive, Floor
5  San Diego, California 92130  Attention: General Counsel  Telecopy No.:
(858) 481-1751   with a copy to:   Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati 
Professional Corporation  650 Page Mill Road  Palo Alto, California 94304 
Attention: Douglas H. Collom, Esq.  Michael J. Kennedy, Esq.  Telecopy No.:
(650) 493-6811   (b) if to Company, to:   Remedy Corporation  1505 Salado
Drive  Mountain View, California 95035  Attention: General Counsel 
Telecopy No.: (650) 903-9001   with a copy to:   Gunderson Dettmer Stough
Villeneuve Franklin and Hachigian, LLP  155 Constitution Drive  Menlo Park,
California 94025  Attention: Daniel E. O\'Connor, Esq.  Christopher D.
Dillon, Esq.  Telecopy No.: (650) 321-2800   9.3 INTERPRETATION. When a
reference is made in this Agreement to Exhibits, such reference shall be to
an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is
made in this Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of
this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated the words "include," "includes"
and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed
by the words "without limitation." When reference is made herein to "the
business of" an entity, such reference shall be deemed to include the
business of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. Reference to
the subsidiaries of an entity shall be deemed to include all direct and
indirect subsidiaries of such entity.   9.4 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may
be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same
counterpart.   9.5 HEADINGS. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   A-51   9.6
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement and the documents
and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated
by or referred to herein, including the Company Schedule and the Parent
Schedule (a) constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof, it being understood that the Confidentiality
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the Closing and shall
survive any termination of this Agreement; and (b) except with respect to the
Indemnified Parties pursuant to SECTION 6.12 and with respect to the Company
Designee pursuant to SECTION 6.18 hereof, are not intended to confer upon any
other person any rights or remedies hereunder.   9.7 SEVERABILITY. In the
event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof,
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
force and effect and the application of such provision to other persons or
circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of
the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void or
unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business
and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.   9.8 OTHER
REMEDIES; SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and
all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed
cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by
law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy
will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties hereto agree
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall
be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any
court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or
in equity.   9.9 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts
of laws.   9.10 RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto agree that they
have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation,
holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or
other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or
document.   9.11 ASSIGNMENT. No party may assign either this Agreement or
any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior
written approval of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.  
9.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE COMPANY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT, MERGER SUB OR THE
COMPANY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF
THIS AGREEMENT.   9.13 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any court
within the State of Delaware in connection with any matter based upon or
arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein, and hereby
further agrees   A-52  that process may be served upon each of them in any
manner authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware for such persons, and
waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection which they might
otherwise have to such jurisdiction, venue and such process.   [REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   A-53   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
undersigned parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly
authorized respective officers as of the date first above written.    ~~
  PEREGRINE SYSTEMS, INC.   By: /s/ Richard T. Nelson 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Richard T. Nelson  Title:
Senior Vice President and Secretary   ROSE ACQUISITION CORPORATION   By:
/s/ Richard T. Nelson  -----------------------------------------  Name:
Richard T. Nelson  Title: President and Chief Financial Officer   REMEDY
CORPORATION   By: /s/ Lawrence Garlick 
-----------------------------------------  Name: Lawrence Garlick  Title:
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    * * * * * AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER AND REORGANIZATION * * * * *   A-54    '

