 PURCHASE AGREEMENT   Exhibit
99.b                 PURCHASE AGREEMENT   AMONG   CCE
HOLDINGS, LLC,   ENRON OPERATIONS SERVICES, LLC,   ENRON TRANSPORTATION
SERVICES, LLC,   EOC PREFERRED, L.L.C.   AND   ENRON CORP.     Dated
as of June 24, 2004                   PURCHASE AGREEMENT  
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 24, 2004 (this "Agreement"), by CCE
Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Purchaser"), Enron
Operations Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("EOS"), Enron
Transportation Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("ETS"),
EOC Preferred, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("EOC"), and
Enron Corp., an Oregon corporation ("Enron" and, collectively with EOS, ETS
and EOC, "Sellers").   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, commencing on December 2,
2001, Enron and certain of its subsidiaries, including EOS and ETS, filed
voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as
defined herein); and   WHEREAS, Sellers collectively own 100% of the
membership interests (collectively, the "Equity Interest") of CrossCountry
Energy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company"); and  
WHEREAS, the Company directly or indirectly owns (i) beneficially an
aggregate of one thousand (1,000) shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of Transwestern Pipeline Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Transwestern"), which constitutes 100% of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock of Transwestern; (ii) an aggregate of five hundred (500)
shares of Class B common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Citrus Corp., a
Delaware corporation ("Citrus"), which constitutes fifty percent (50%) of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Citrus; (iii) an aggregate
of four hundred (400) shares of common stock, par value $10.00 per share, of
Northern Plains Natural Gas Company, a Delaware corporation
("Northern Plains"), which constitutes 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of Northern Plains; (iv) one thousand (1,000) shares
of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of NBP Services Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("NBP Services"), which constitutes 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of NBP Services; and (v) 100% of the
membership interest of CrossCountry Energy Services, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company ("CES"); and   WHEREAS, Sellers desire to sell to
Purchaser, and Purchaser desires to purchase from Sellers, the Equity
Interest pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and an Order of the
Bankruptcy Court approving such sale under, among other things, sections 105
and 363 of the Bankruptcy Code; and   WHEREAS, certain terms used in this
Agreement are defined in Section 11.1.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   SALE AND
PURCHASE OF EQUITY INTEREST   1.1 Sale and Purchase of Equity Interest. Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, on the Closing
Date, Sellers shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Purchaser,
and Purchaser shall purchase from Sellers, the Equity Interest, free and
clear of all Liens (other than Liens created by Purchaser) to the extent
permitted under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code.   ARTICLE II  
PURCHASE PRICE AND PAYMENT   2.1 Purchase Price. The purchase price for the
Equity Interest shall be an amount equal to (i) $2,350,000,000 less the
Transwestern Debt Amount (the "Preliminary Purchase Price"), plus (ii) an
amount, which may be positive or negative, calculated pursuant to Schedule
2.1 (the Preliminary Purchase Price, after giving effect to all adjustments
contemplated pursuant to Schedule 2.1, is referred to herein as the "Purchase
Price").   2.2 Deposit.   (a) Upon or prior to the execution of this
Agreement, Purchaser shall deposit with JPMorgan Chase Bank, in its capacity
as Deposit Escrow Agent (the "Deposit Escrow Agent"), pursuant to that
certain Deposit Escrow Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among
Purchaser, each of the Sellers and the Deposit Escrow Agent (the "Deposit
Escrow Agreement"), one or more original irrevocable letters of credit (the
"Initial Letters of Credit"), each in the form of Appendix A to the Deposit
Escrow Agreement, for an aggregate amount equal to $30,000,000 (the "Initial
Deposit Amount") and an original irrevocable letter of credit (the "June 24
Letter of Credit") in the form of Appendix A to the Deposit Escrow Agreement,
for an amount equal to $20,000,000 (the "June 24 Deposit Amount", and
together with the Initial Deposit Amount, the "Deposit Amount"). If Purchaser
is selected as the Winning Bidder in the Auction, Purchaser will have the
option at any time prior to the close of business on the third (3rd) Business
Day after the Approval Order is entered by the Bankruptcy Court on the
electronic docket to deliver to the Deposit Escrow Agent one or more
additional original irrevocable letters of credit (the "Additional Letters of
Credit" and, together with the Initial Letters of Credit and the June 24
Letter of Credit, the "Letters of Credit"), each in the form of Appendix A to
the Deposit Escrow Agreement, for an aggregate amount equal to $30,000,000
(the "Additional Deposit Amount"). Upon delivery of the Additional Letters of
Credit, the Deposit Amount shall equal $80,000,000 for all purposes herein.
Solely upon the delivery of the Additional Letters of Credit, Section 12.18
of this Agreement shall automatically become binding upon and
enforceable against the Sellers without any further action by the parties
hereto. The Letters of Credit will be drawn upon by the Deposit Escrow Agent
only in the circumstances described in, and to the extent permitted by,
Section 2.2(c) and the Deposit Escrow Agreement. The Letters of Credit and
any funds drawn thereunder shall be held by the Deposit Escrow Agent and
applied, or returned to Purchaser, in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 2.2 and the Deposit Escrow Agreement. Upon Closing and as provided in
Section 2.2(b), the Letters of Credit and any funds drawn thereunder shall be
released to Purchaser.   (b) Pursuant to the Deposit Escrow Agreement, the
Letters of Credit shall be released and returned to Purchaser in the event
that this Agreement is validly terminated by (i) Purchaser (A) pursuant to
Sections 3.2(a), 3.2(c), 3.2(d), 3.2(e) or 3.2(h) or (B) pursuant to Section
3.2(b) in the event that the Closing does not occur on or prior to the
Outside Date due to the failure to satisfy the closing conditions set forth
in Sections 7.1(a), 7.1(b), 7.1(d), 7.1(e), 7.2(a) - (e), or 7.3(d), or (ii)
by Sellers (A) pursuant to Sections 3.2(a), 3.2(c) or 3.2(d), (B) pursuant to
Section 3.2(g) if at the time of such termination a Capital Markets Event has
occurred and is continuing such that the closing condition set forth in
Section 7.2(d) would not be satisfied, (C) pursuant to Section 3.2(b) in the
event that the Closing does not occur on or prior to the Outside Date due to
the failure to satisfy the closing conditions set forth in Sections 7.1(a),
7.1(b), 7.1(d), 7.1(e) or 7.3(d) or (D) pursuant to Section 3.2(f) in the
event that such termination by Sellers is solely based upon a breach of
Purchaser\'s representations in Section 5.4 due to an Action or Order of
which Purchaser is not aware as of the date of this Agreement that seeks to
restrain or prohibit or otherwise challenge the consummation, legality and
validity of the transactions contemplated hereby or that directly results
from and relates to the execution of this Agreement and in any such case is
filed or threatened to be filed after the date hereof by a Person other than
Purchaser, the Financing Sources or any of their respective Affiliates or
Representatives or any other Person acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf
of or at the behest of or with the encouragement of any of them; provided,
that the Letters of Credit (other than the June 24 Letter of Credit, unless
the Purchaser has not complied with the obligations under Section 6.3 with
respect to the HSR Act, or Section 6.18, in which case the June 24 Letter of
Credit shall be forfeited and paid to Sellers in accordance with Section
2.2(c)) shall not be released or returned to Purchaser in the event that any
termination referred to in this paragraph (b) relates to or arises from
a failure to satisfy the closing condition set forth in (i) Section 7.1(c)
(with respect to the HSR Act) or (ii) Section 7.2(f); or   (c) Except as
specified in Section 2.2(b), upon the valid termination of this Agreement,
the Letters of Credit shall be drawn upon for the Deposit Amount and the
Deposit Amount shall be paid to Sellers as liquidated damages, with each
Seller receiving a pro rata share of the Deposit Amount in accordance with
each Seller\'s Percentage Interest. For the avoidance of doubt and, except as
provided in Section 2.2(b), if all of the conditions set forth in Sections
7.1 and 7.2 have been satisfied (assuming for such purposes that the Closing
would have occurred on the date of termination of this Agreement),
and Purchaser fails to pay the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, Sellers shall be entitled to the Deposit Amount. Upon the
payment to Sellers of the Deposit Amount pursuant to this Section 2.2(c), the
parties hereto and their Affiliates and Representatives shall, subject to
Section 3.3, be fully released and discharged from all liabilities and
obligations under or resulting from this Agreement, and no party shall have
any other remedy or cause of action against any other party under or relating
to this Agreement.   2.3 Payment of Purchase Price. At the Closing,
Purchaser shall pay (i) the Preliminary Purchase Price plus (ii) the
Estimated Purchase Price Adjustment to Sellers by wire transfer of
immediately available funds into an account or accounts designated in writing
by Sellers. The parties agree to pay, if applicable, the True-up Amount in
accordance with Schedule 2.1. The Purchase Price to be paid to Sellers under
this Section 2.3 shall be paid to each Seller pro rata in accordance with
each Seller\'s Percentage Interest.   ARTICLE III   CLOSING AND
TERMINATION   3.1 Time and Place of Closing. The closing of the sale
and purchase provided for in Article I (the "Closing") shall take place at
the New York City offices of Weil, Gotshal and Manges LLP, at 10:00 A.M. New
York City time, on the later of (i) the second (2nd) Business Day after the
date on which the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VII
(excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be satisfied until the
Closing) have been satisfied or waived by the party entitled to waive such
condition, or (ii) the thirtieth (30th) day after Sellers give notice to
Purchaser of the date Sellers anticipate all such conditions will be
satisfied or waived, or at such other place, date and time as the parties may
agree (the actual date on which the Closing is to occur pursuant to this
Section 3.1 shall be referred to as the "Closing Date"); provided, however,
that neither Sellers nor Purchaser shall be required to close the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement until all conditions to
the obligations of Sellers or Purchaser, as the case may be, shall have
been satisfied or waived in accordance with the provisions of Article
VII.   3.2 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated prior
to the Closing as follows:    (a) At any time prior to the Closing Date by
the mutual written consent duly authorized by the Board of Directors or Board
of Managers, as applicable, of each of the Sellers and Purchaser;   (b) By
either Sellers or Purchaser, if the Closing has not occurred on or before
December 17, 2004 (as may be extended by written agreement of the parties,
the "Outside Date"); provided, however, that the terminating party is not in
default of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect;  
(c) By either Sellers or Purchaser, if there shall be any Applicable Law that
makes consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or
otherwise prohibited (and such Law is not overturned or otherwise made
inapplicable to the transactions contemplated hereby within a period of
one hundred and twenty (120) days) or if any Order is entered by a
Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction having valid enforcement
authority permanently restraining, prohibiting or enjoining any of the
Sellers or Purchaser from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby
and such Order shall become final and non-appealable;   (d) By either
Sellers or Purchaser, at any time following (i) Sellers\' execution of a
definitive agreement for an Alternative Transaction, (ii) ninety (90) days
after the entry of the Bidding Procedures Order if Sellers have not selected
a Winning Bidder or (iii) the public announcement of Sellers\' decision not
to effect a sale of the Equity Interest pursuant to this Agreement and to
instead effect a Distribution (provided that if Purchaser is selected as the
Winning Bidder after the completion of the Auction, Sellers shall no
longer have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause
(iii));   (e) By Purchaser, so long as Purchaser is not then in breach of
its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect, upon a
breach of any covenant or agreement of Sellers set forth in this Agreement,
or if any representation or warranty of Sellers shall have been or becomes
untrue, in each case such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) or
Section 7.2(b), as the case may be, would not be satisfied and such breach or
untruth (i) cannot be cured by the Outside Date or (ii) has not been cured
within thirty (30) Business Days of the date on which Sellers receive written
notice thereof from Purchaser (describing with reasonable specificity the
purported breach or untruth); provided, however, that Purchaser shall not be
entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii) so
long as Sellers are using their commercially reasonable efforts to cure such
breach or untruth and such breach or untruth is capable of cure on or before
the Outside Date;   (f) By Sellers, so long as Sellers are not then in
breach of their obligations under this Agreement in any material respect,
upon a breach of any covenant or agreement of Purchaser set forth in this
Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Purchaser shall have been
or becomes untrue, in each case such that the conditions set forth in Section
7.3(a) or Section 7.3(b), as the case may be, would not be satisfied and such
breach or untruth (i) cannot be cured by the Outside Date or (ii) has not
been cured within thirty (30) Business Days of the date on which Purchaser
receives written notice thereof from Sellers (describing with reasonable
specificity the purported breach or untruth); provided, however, that Sellers
shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the foregoing
clause (ii) so long as Purchaser is using its commercially reasonable efforts
to cure such breach or untruth and such breach or untruth is capable of cure
on or before the Outside Date;   (g) By Sellers, upon notice to Purchaser
if (i) a Commitment Letter shall have expired or have been terminated or (ii)
(A) Purchaser has provided notice to Sellers pursuant to Section 6.10(a) or
(B) Sellers request Purchaser to deliver to Sellers an officer\'s certificate
stating that a Commitment Letter is in full force and effect and that, after
inquiry of the Financing Source, Purchaser does not know of any facts that
would reasonably be expected to impair or delay in any material respect or
prevent the consummation of the financing contemplated by such Commitment
Letter and Purchaser does not within ten (10) days of the receipt of such
request deliver such certificate to Sellers; provided, however, that the
right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 3.2(g) shall not be
available to Sellers if within thirty (30) days of receiving notice by
Sellers of their intention to terminate this Agreement under this Section
3.2(g), Purchaser (i) secures an extension of such Commitment Letter (if
expired or terminated), (ii) secures an amendment of such Commitment Letter
that allows it to deliver the certificate referenced in this Section 3.2(g),
or (iii) secures a Commitment Letter for alternate or additional financing
upon terms and from a financing source that is reasonably acceptable to
Sellers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers shall not have the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 3.2(g) if
Purchaser\'s inability to deliver the certificate referenced in this Section
3.2(g) was caused by a material breach by Sellers of their obligations under
this Agreement or any representation or warranty of Sellers having been or
having become untrue in any material respect;   (h) By Purchaser, so long
as Purchaser is not then in breach of its obligations under this Agreement in
any material respect, if (i) Sellers do not file with the Bankruptcy Court on
or before the fourth (4th) Business Day following the date of this Agreement
the Bidding Procedures Motion and thereafter use their commercially
reasonable efforts to serve the Bidding Procedures Motion as required by
orders of the Bankruptcy Court or applicable rules in existence at 10:00 A.M.
(New York City time) on the Business Day prior to the day the Bidding
Procedures Motion is filed, (ii) the Bankruptcy Court does not enter the
Bidding Procedures Order on or before the fortieth (40th) day following the
date the Bidding Procedures Motion is filed, (iii) following entry of the
Bidding Procedures Order, the Bidding Procedures Order is reversed, revoked,
voided, vacated, modified or stayed by an Order of any Governmental Authority
in any manner that is materially adverse to Purchaser (a "Modifying Order")
and such Modifying Order is not reversed, revoked, voided, vacated, stayed or
further modified within thirty (30) days such that the Bidding Procedures
Order is in full force and effect, (iv) the Bankruptcy Court does not enter
the Approval Order on or before the eightieth (80th) day following the date
the Bidding Procedures Order is entered, or (v) following entry of
the Approval Order, the Approval Order is materially and adversely modified
by a Modifying Order and such Modifying Order is not reversed, revoked,
voided, vacated, stayed or further modified within thirty (30) days such that
the Approval Order is in full force and effect; or   (i) By Sellers, if
Purchaser fails to close the transactions contemplated hereunder on the
Closing Date as determined in accordance with Section 3.1.   3.3 Effect of
Termination. No termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2 shall
be effective until notice thereof shall be given to the non-terminating
parties specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is
made. If validly terminated pursuant to Section 3.2, this Agreement shall
become wholly void and of no further force and effect without liability to
Purchaser, Sellers or any of the Transfer Group Companies or the Northern
Border Companies or any of their respective Subsidiaries,
Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors or other
representatives, except that the obligations of the parties under the Deposit
Escrow Agreement, this Section 3.3, Sections 2.2, 6.6, 6.7, Article XII
(other than Section 12.18) and, to the extent necessary to effectuate the
foregoing enumerated provisions, Article XI of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect (it being understood that in no event shall Sellers be
obligated to make any payment to Purchaser upon termination of this
Agreement, and in no event shall Purchaser be obligated to make any payments
to Sellers upon termination of this Agreement other than the forfeiture of
the Deposit Amount to Sellers in accordance with Section 2.2(c)).   ARTICLE
IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS   Each of the Sellers
hereby represents and warrants, individually and not jointly (except for
Enron, which represents and warrants individually and jointly), to Purchaser
as follows:   4.1 Organization and Good Standing. Each Seller is an
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction in which it was formed and, subject to the limitations
imposed on Enron, EOS and ETS as a result of having filed a petition for
relief under the Bankruptcy Code, each Seller has the requisite power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now conducted.   4.2 Authorization of Agreement. Each Seller has
the requisite power and authority to execute this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, subject to entry of the
Approval Order, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party by each Seller and the consummation by each Seller of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each
Seller. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
have been duly executed and delivered by each Seller and, assuming due
execution and delivery by Purchaser and the entry of the Approval Order,
constitute valid and binding obligations of each Seller, enforceable against
each Seller in accordance with their respective terms.   4.3 No Violation;
Consents.   (a) Subject to receiving the consents or waivers referred to on
Schedule 4.3(a) and the consents referred to in Section 4.3(b), the
execution and delivery by Sellers of this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents to which each Seller is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) violate
any provision of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, limited liability
company agreement or other similar organizational documents of any of the
Sellers or any Transfer Group Company, (ii) conflict with, require the
consent of a third party under, violate, require or accelerate the time of
any payment by any Transfer Group Company to any Person under, result in the
breach of, constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of
acceleration, cancellation or termination of any material right or obligation
of Sellers or any Transfer Group Company under, any material agreement or
other instrument to which Seller or any Transfer Group Company is a party or
by which Sellers or any Transfer Group Company or any of their respective
properties or assets are bound, (iii) subject to the entry of the Approval
Order, violate any Order of any Governmental Authority to which Sellers or
any Transfer Group Company is bound or subject, (iv) subject to the entry of
the Approval Order, violate any Applicable Law or (v) except as provided in
this Agreement, result in the imposition or creation of any Lien upon the
Equity Interest, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) through (v), any
conflict, violation, breach, default, requirement for consents, rights
of acceleration, cancellation, termination or Lien that would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material
Adverse Effect or a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.3(b) and except for (i) any filings required under
the HSR Act, (ii) such filings with, and Orders of, the FCC as may be
required under the Communications Act and (iii) the entry of the Approval
Order, the entry of the Bidding Procedures Order, no Order or Permit issued
by, or declaration or filing with, or notification to, or waiver from or
consent from, any Governmental Authority is required on the part of Sellers
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, or
the compliance or performance by Sellers with any provision contained in
this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
except for any such requirements, the failure of which to be obtained or made
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Seller Material Adverse Effect or a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   4.4 Ownership and Transfer of Equity Interest. Sellers are
the record and beneficial owners of the Equity Interest with each having
such percentage interest (the "Percentage Interest") of the Equity Interest
as set forth on Schedule 4.4 hereto. The Equity Interest constitutes one
hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding membership interests in the
Company. Each Seller has the requisite power and authority to sell and
transfer its Percentage Interest as provided in this Agreement and, subject
to (i) the entry of the Approval Order, (ii) the release of Liens imposed on
the Equity Interest in connection with the DIP Agreement and (iii) the Liens
listed on Schedule 4.4, such delivery will convey to Purchaser good and
marketable title to such Equity Interest, free and clear of any and all Liens
to the extent permitted under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code.   4.5
Transfer Group Companies.   (a) Schedule 4.5(a) sets forth the name of each
Transfer Group Company and, with respect to each such Transfer Group Company,
the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, the number of
shares of its authorized capital stock or other equity interests, the number
and class of shares or equity interests thereof duly issued and outstanding,
the names of all stockholders or other equity owners and the number of shares
of stock or other equity interests owned by each equity owner thereof. The
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each
Transfer Group Company are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and
all such shares or other equity interests represented as being owned by the
relevant Transfer Group Company are owned by it free and clear of any and all
Liens except as set forth on Schedule 4.5(a).   (b) Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.5(b), (i) there is no existing option, warrant, right, call,
commitment or other agreement to which any Transfer Group Company is a party
requiring, and there are no securities of any Transfer Group Company
outstanding which, upon conversion, would require, the issuance, sale or
transfer of any additional shares of capital stock or other equity interests
of any Transfer Group Company or other securities convertible into,
exchangeable for or evidencing the right to subscribe for or purchase shares
of capital stock or other equity interests of any Transfer Group Company and
(ii) no Transfer Group Company has any obligation to repurchase, acquire or
redeem any capital stock or other equity securities of any Transfer Group
Company.   (c) Each Transfer Group Company is an entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is formed and has the requisite power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now
conducted, with such exceptions that would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect. Each Transfer Group Company is duly qualified to transact business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   (d) Northern Plains holds a 0.500%
general partnership interest in Northern Border Partners, L.P., a publicly-
traded master limited partnership ("Northern Border") and a 0.505% general
partnership interest in Northern Border\'s Affiliate, Northern Border
Intermediate Limited Partnership ("NBI"). Northern Plain\'s wholly-owned
subsidiary, Pan Border Gas Company, holds a 0.325% general partnership
interest in Northern Border and a 0.3283% general partnership interest in
NBI.   (e) None of the Transfer Group Companies has any Subsidiary, or
holds an equity interest in any other Person, that is not a Transfer
Group Company other than the Northern Border Companies and Persons in which
the Northern Border Companies hold a minority equity interest.   (f) Except
for the agreements set forth in Schedule 4.5(f) hereto, there are no
agreements to which Citrus is a party that restricts Citrus\'s ability to pay
dividends to its shareholders.   4.6 Financial Statements; Northern Border
SEC Reports.   (a) Sellers have made available to Purchaser (i) copies of
the audited consolidated balance sheet of Citrus as at December 31, 2003 and
the related audited consolidated statements of income, stockholders\' equity
and cash flows of Citrus for the twelve (12) month period then ended, (ii)
copies of the audited balance sheet of Transwestern as at December 31, 2003,
and the related audited statements of income, stockholders\' equity and cash
flows of Transwestern for the twelve (12) month period then ended, (iii)
copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Northern Plains
Group Companies as at December 31, 2003, and the related consolidated
unaudited statements of income, stockholders\' equity and cash flows of the
Northern Plains Group Companies for the twelve (12) month period then ended
(collectively, the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements have
been prepared in accordance with the books and records of Citrus,
Transwestern and the Northern Plains Group Companies as at the date and for
the period indicated, and, except as set forth in Schedule 4.6, in accordance
with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of each of Citrus,
Transwestern and the Northern Plains Group Companies as at the date and for
the period indicated (in each case subject, as to unaudited Financial
Statements, to year-end audit adjustments and full footnote disclosure). For
the purposes hereof, the audited consolidated balance sheet of Citrus, the
audited balance sheet of Transwestern as at December 31, 2003 and the
unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Northern Plains Group Companies
as at December 31, 2003 shall be referred to as the "Balance Sheets" and
December 31, 2003 shall be referred to as the "Balance Sheet Date".   (b)
Sellers have made available to Purchaser copies of the unaudited
consolidating balance sheet of the Company as at March 31, 2004 and the
related pro forma consolidating statements of income of the Company for
the three (3) month period then ended. Such unaudited financial statements
have been compiled from the books and records of the Company and its
subsidiaries as at the date and for the period indicated, with the exception
of omitted footnotes that customarily accompany reported financial statements
present fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of
operations of the Company as at the date and for the period indicated, and
may vary from formal audited reports prepared in accordance with GAAP or FERC
requirements.   (c) Northern Border has filed all required forms, reports
and documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since
January 1, 2002 (the "Northern Border SEC Reports"), each of which has
complied in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), each as in effect on
the dates such forms, reports and documents were filed. To the Knowledge of
Sellers, none of the Northern Border SEC Reports, including without
limitation, any financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by
reference therein, contained, when filed, any untrue statements of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated or
incorporated by reference therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of Northern
Border included in the Northern Border SEC Reports complied as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect on the
dates such Northern Border SEC Reports were filed, and fairly present, in all
material respects and in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), the consolidated financial
position of Northern Border and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and their consolidated results of operations and changes in financial
position for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of the unaudited
interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments).   4.7 No
Undisclosed Liabilities.   (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7(a), or as
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Seller Material Adverse Effect or a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect,
the Citrus Group Companies, the Transwestern Group Companies and the Northern
Plains Group Companies have no indebtedness, obligation or liability of any
kind (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, and whether due or
to become due) that would have been required to be reflected in, reserved
against or otherwise described on the consolidated balance sheet of Citrus,
Transwestern or the Northern Plains Group Companies or in the notes thereto
in accordance with GAAP, respectively, which (i) is not shown on the Balance
Sheets or the notes thereto or (ii) was not incurred in the Ordinary Course
of Business since the Balance Sheet Date, except for any indebtedness,
obligation or liability arising after the date of this Agreement which is
permitted pursuant to Section 6.2.   (b) Except as disclosed or reflected in
the Northern Border SEC Reports, or as would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material Adverse Effect or a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect, the Northern Border Companies have no
indebtedness, obligation or liability of any kind (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due) that would have
been required, based on information known to Sellers or any of the Northern
Border Companies as of the date of execution of this Agreement, to be
reflected in, reserved against or otherwise described on the consolidated
balance sheet of Northern Border and its subsidiaries included in the most
recent Northern Border SEC Reports or in the notes thereto in accordance with
GAAP, which (i) is not shown on a balance sheet of the Northern Border
Companies or the notes thereto or (ii) was not incurred in the ordinary
course of business since the Balance Sheet Date.   (c) None of the Company,
CrossCountry Citrus Corp., Transwestern Holding Company, Inc., NBP Services,
CES or CrossCountry Alaska LLC, on an unconsolidated basis, has any
indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of any kind (whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise) except for (i) liabilities incurred since
the date of this Agreement in the Ordinary Course of Business (except in the
case of NBP Services and CES, incurred at any time in the Ordinary Course of
Business), (ii) liabilities that do not exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate,
(iii) as set forth in Schedule 4.7(c) or (iv) in the case of the Company,
liabilities incurred in accordance with the terms and provisions of the
Contribution Agreement (including the agreements entered into, and actions
taken, in connection with the Contribution Agreement).   4.8 Absence of
Certain Developments.   (a) Except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement or the Contribution Agreement and the schedules thereto (including
the agreements entered into, and actions taken, in connection with the
Contribution Agreement) or as set forth on Schedule 4.8(a), since the Balance
Sheet Date, (i) the business of the Transfer Group Companies has been
conducted in the Ordinary Course of Business in all material respects or,
from and after the date of this Agreement, otherwise in accordance with
Section 6.2, (ii) no event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect or a Seller Material Adverse Effect or (iii) through the date of this
Agreement, there has not been any declaration, setting aside or payment of
any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with
respect to any Transfer Group Company\'s capital stock to a Person who is not
a Transfer Group Company.   (b) Except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, set forth on Schedule 4.8(b) or disclosed or reflected in the
Northern Border SEC Reports, since the Balance Sheet Date, the business of
the Northern Border Companies has been conducted in the ordinary course of
business and, to Sellers\' Knowledge, no event has occurred that would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer
Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.9 Title to Properties.   (a) Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.9(a), each of the Transfer Group Companies has good
and valid title to or holds a valid leasehold, license or other interest in,
or right-of-way easement through (collectively, the "Rights of Way"), all
real property used by it in the Ordinary Course of Business, with such
exceptions as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect, in each case free
and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens set forth on Schedule 4.9(a) and
(ii) Permitted Exceptions.   (b) With respect to each material parcel of
real property that is leased by a Transfer Group Company as tenant (the
"Leased Real Property"), to the Knowledge of Sellers, (i) none of the
Transfer Group Companies has received any notice of default under any lease
pertaining to any of the Leased Real Property in the twelve (12) month period
prior to the date hereof and (ii) there are no uncured defaults under any
lease without regard to when notice may have been given that would give the
counterparty the right to terminate such lease, in each case with such
exceptions as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Each of the
Transfer Group Companies has good and marketable title to all personal
property reflected in the Financial Statements or acquired after the Balance
Sheet Date, but not including any personal property disposed of in the
Ordinary Course of Business since the Balance Sheet Date, and with such
exceptions as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect, in each case free
and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens set forth on Schedule 4.9(c) and
(ii) Permitted Exceptions.   4.10 Intangible Property. Except as set forth
on Schedule 4.10, none of the Transfer Group Companies has any interest in
any material patents, patent licenses, trade names, trademarks, service marks
or copyrights. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10, to Sellers\' Knowledge,
the use of any intellectual property set forth on Schedule 4.10 by the
Transfer Group Companies does not conflict with the asserted rights of
others, with such exceptions as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   4.11 Material Contracts.   (a) Set forth on Schedule 4.11(a) is
a list of the following Contracts to which a Transfer Group Company is a
party or by which any Transfer Group Company is bound as of the date of this
Agreement (collectively, the "Material Contracts"):   (i) any Contract
relating to indebtedness for  borrowed money, letter of credit or guarantee
of the indebtedness  for borrowed money of Persons other than the Transfer
Group  Companies (excluding renewals and extensions of credit) that Sellers 
reasonably anticipate will, in accordance with its terms, involve  aggregate
payments by a Transfer Group Company of more than  $2,000,000 within its
remaining term;   (ii) any lease under which any Transfer Group  Company is
the lessor or lessee of real or personal property, which  lease (A) cannot be
terminated by such Transfer Group Company  without payment penalty upon not
more than one hundred and eighty  (180) days\' notice and (B) involves an
annual base rental in excess  of $2,000,000;   (iii) any Contract that
expressly limits in any  material respect the ability of a Transfer Group
Company to (A)  engage in any of its existing lines of business or to conduct
any  such business in any particular geographic area or (B) compete with 
any other Person in any such business;   (iv) any employment or consulting
Contract for  employees, officers, directors or consultants of a Transfer
Group  Company whose guaranteed annual compensation thereunder is in excess 
of $200,000 annually for either of the calendar years 2003 or 2004  and that
cannot be terminated on thirty (30) days\' notice without  penalty or other
future obligation;   (v) any Contract for the pending purchase by or  sale
of real or personal property of a Transfer Group Company (other  than
ordinary course sales of natural gas, natural gas liquids or  other items of
inventory) for an amount in excess of $2,000,000;   (vi) any Contract
relating to gas purchase, gas  sale, gas processing, gas storage, natural gas
liquids sale or  gathering that Sellers reasonably anticipate will, in
accordance  with its terms, require payments by a Transfer Group Company in 
excess of $5,000,000 within the twelve (12) month period ending  December 31,
2004;   (vii) any firm transportation Contract that  requires, in
accordance with its terms, payments to a Transfer Group  Company in excess of
$5,000,000 within the twelve (12) month period  ending December 31, 2004, and
any interruptible transportation  Contract that Sellers reasonably anticipate
will, in accordance with  its terms, involve payments to a Transfer Group
Company in excess of  $5,000,000 within the twelve (12) month period ending
December 31,  2004 (collectively, the "Transportation Contracts");   (viii)
any Contract requiring a capital expenditure  or a commitment for a capital
expenditure by a Transfer Group  Company not contemplated by the capital
forecast information  previously provided to Purchaser and in excess of
$2,000,000;   (ix) any Contract not in the Ordinary Course of  Business and
requiring expenditures by a Transfer Group Company in  excess of $2,000,000
annually;   (x) any hedging Contract, forward sale Contract and  derivative
Contract in excess of a notional amount of $2,000,000 and  a term longer than
one (1) year;   (xi) any partnership or joint venture Contract  between a
Transfer Group Company and any other Person (other than a  Transfer Group
Company) containing a commitment to fund, loan or pay  amounts in excess of
$2,000,000;   (xii) any Contract for the purchase or sale of any  assets of
any of the Transfer Group Companies for consideration in  excess of
$2,000,000;   (xiii) any regulatory rate settlement agreement of  (i)
Transwestern approved by the FERC since the 1995 Global  Settlement and 1996
Mini-Settlement approved by the FERC on July 27,  1995 and October 19, 1996,
respectively or (ii) Florida Gas approved  by the FERC since the 1997 Rate
Case Settlement Agreement approved  by the FERC on September 24, 1997;  
(xiv) the Capital Stock Agreement; and   (xv) the Contribution
Agreement.   (b) Set forth on Schedule 4.11(b) is a list of each
Contract that a Transfer Group Company has with a Seller or an Affiliate of a
Seller (other than a Transfer Group Company), as of the date hereof
(collectively, the "Affiliate Contracts").   (c) Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.11(c), all of the Material Contracts are in full force and effect
and are the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Transfer Group
Company party thereto, and, to the Knowledge of Sellers, each of the other
parties thereto, except (i) to the extent that such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws relating to creditors\' rights generally, subject to general principles
of equity, (ii) to the extent such Contract has expired by its terms and
(iii) for such exceptions that would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.
In addition, (x) none of the Transfer Group Companies is in default under any
Material Contract, which default has not been waived, and (y) to the
Knowledge of Sellers, no other party to any Material Contract is in default
under any Material Contract, except, in the case of (x) and (y), for any
default that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.12 Firm and
Interruptible Transportation Contracts. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12,
(a) none of the Transfer Group Companies has received notice that it is
subject to any pending dispute with any of the counterparties under any
Transportation Contract (the "Principal Shippers"), (b) no Principal Shipper
has notified any of the Transfer Group Companies in writing of any adverse
modification or change in such Transportation Contract and (c) none of the
Transfer Group Companies has received formal written notice from
any Principal Shipper expressing its intention to terminate any
Transportation Contract except for those exceptions to (a), (b) and (c) that
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.13 Employee Benefits.   (a)
Schedule 4.13(a) sets forth a list of all material "employee benefit plans",
as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), sponsored or maintained by any Transfer Group
Company or to which any Transfer Group Company contributes or is obligated to
contribute thereunder with respect to current or former officers, directors
or employees of the Transfer Group Companies or with respect to which any
Transfer Group Company may have material liability (the "Employee Benefit
Plans").   (b) Except as already listed on Schedule 4.13(a),
Schedule 4.13(b) sets forth a list of all material bonus plans, employment,
change in control, consulting or other compensation agreements, incentive,
equity or equity-based compensation, deferred compensation arrangements,
stock purchase, fringe benefit, severance pay, sabbatical or paid time off,
sick leave, vacation pay, salary continuation, disability, hospitalization,
medical insurance, life, dental, vision, accidental death and dismemberment
or other insurance benefits, scholarship programs or any other employee
benefit plan, program or arrangement sponsored or maintained by any Transfer
Group Company or to which any Transfer Group Company contributes or is
required to contribute thereunder with respect to current or former officers,
directors or employees of the Transfer Group Companies or with respect to
which any Transfer Group Company may have material liability (together with
the Employee Benefit Plans, the "Benefit Arrangements").   (c) True and
correct copies of the following documents, to the extent applicable, with
respect to each of the Benefit Arrangements, have been made available or
delivered to Purchaser: (i) any plans and related trust documents, and all
amendments thereto and, with respect to any Benefit Arrangements sponsored or
maintained by the Transfer Group Companies, all material contracts or
material agreements related to such plans, (ii) the Forms 5500 for the most
recent three (3) years and schedules thereto, (iii) financial statements and
actuarial valuations for the current year, to the extent available, and for
the most recent three (3) years, (iv) the most recent IRS determination
letter, (v) the most recent summary plan descriptions and
material modifications and (vi) written descriptions of all non-written
Benefit Arrangements.   (d) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.13(d), each
of the Benefit Arrangements has been maintained in accordance with its terms
and all provisions of Applicable Law, except where the failure to do so would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Sellers Material Adverse Effect or a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   (e) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.13(e), no
Benefit Arrangement (i) is a "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 3(3
7) of ERISA, or (ii) is a "multiple employer welfare arrangement" as defined
in Section 3(40)(A) of ERISA. During the six (6) years immediately prior to
the Closing, no Transfer Group Company has incurred or experienced an event
that has given rise, or could reasonably be expected to give rise, to a
withdrawal liability under Section 4201, 4063 or 4064 of ERISA or any actual
or contingent liability under Section 4201 of ERISA except for any such
liability that does not have and would not reasonably be expected to have a
Seller Material Adverse Effect or a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   (f) No Benefit Arrangement is a foreign plan governed by the laws
of a foreign jurisdiction.   (g) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.13(g),
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either
alone or together with another event) will not entitle any Person to any
material benefit under any Benefit Arrangement or materially accelerate
vesting, payment or materially increase the amount of compensation due to any
Person.   (h) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.13(h), no Transfer
Group Company has any obligation with respect to the Enron Corp. Cash Balance
Plan (the "Cash Balance Plan") to directly or indirectly indemnify any
individual fiduciary with respect to such plan in his or her capacity as a
fiduciary of the plan.   (i) With respect to each Benefit Arrangement which
is sponsored by a Transfer Group Company or any such plan or arrangement or
portion thereof which after the Closing Date will be sponsored or maintained
by a Transfer Group Company, there are no material claims pending (other than
routine claims for benefits), no prohibited transaction involving the assets
of any such plan or arrangement and all contributions required to have been
made have been made or properly accrued.   (j) As of the date hereof, the
Cash Balance Plan has not received an unfavorable ruling on a determination
letter request from the IRS.   4.14 Taxes.   (a) Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.14(a), all income and franchise Tax Returns and all other material
Tax Returns required to be filed by, or with respect to, the Transfer Group
Companies (i) have been filed and (ii) all Taxes that were shown to be due on
such Tax Returns have been paid, except where the failure to file such Tax
Returns or to pay such Taxes would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14(b), Sellers have given,
or otherwise made available to Purchaser, copies of those portions of all Tax
Returns, examination reports and statements of deficiencies relating to
the Transfer Group Companies for tax years 2000, 2001 and 2002.   (c)
Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14(c), (i) there are no outstanding
agreements extending or waiving the statutory period of limitation applicable
to any claim for, or the period for the collection or assessment
or reassessment of, Taxes due from the Transfer Group Companies for any
taxable period that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) no power
of attorney is currently in force with respect to any matter relating to
Taxes of any of the Transfer Group Companies. The period for assessment for
federal income Taxes of each of the Sellers and the Transfer Group Companies
is closed for Tax periods beginning before January 1, 1996.   (d) Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.14(d), none of the Transfer Group Companies has been
a member of a group which files a consolidated federal income tax return
other than a group in which Enron is the parent.   (e) No Seller is a
foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Code.   (f) Except
as set forth on Schedule 4.14(f), none of the Transfer Group Companies has
any liability for the Taxes of any Person as defined in Section 7701 (a)(1)
of the Code (other than another Transfer Group Company) under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise, in each
case where such liability for Taxes would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse
Effect.   (g) As of the effective time of any Conversion Transaction
or Section 338(h)10) Election, (i) each of the Company and CES is disregarded
as an entity separate from Enron for U.S. federal income tax purposes under
Treas. Reg ss. 301 .770l-3(c)(iv), and (ii) each of CrossCountry Citrus
Corp., Transwestern Holding Company, Inc., Transwestern, Northern Plains, Pan
Border Gas Company and NBP Services is a member of a "selling consolidated
group" (within the meaning of Section 338(h)(10)(B) of the Code) of which
Enron is the common parent (and a "consolidated target" within the meaning of
Treas. Reg. ss. 1.338(h)(10)-1(b)(1) of the consolidated group of which Enron
is the common parent).   4.15 Labor.   (a) None of the Transfer Group
Companies is a party to any labor or collective bargaining agreement, and
there are no labor or collective bargaining agreements that pertain to
employees of the Transfer Group Companies.   (b) There are no pending
strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, lockouts or arbitrations against any
Transfer Group Company that would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.
There are no pending unfair labor practice charges, grievances or complaints
filed with any Governmental Authority based on the employment or termination
by any Transfer Group Company of any individual that would reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect.   4.16 Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16
and except for matters before the Bankruptcy Court, there are no Actions or
Orders pending or, to Sellers\' Knowledge, overtly threatened against Sellers
or any Transfer Group Company that seek to restrain or prohibit or otherwise
challenge the consummation, legality or validity of the transactions
contemplated hereby or that would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material Adverse Effect or a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.17 Compliance with Laws;
Permits.   (a) Except with respect to Environmental Laws (which
are addressed in Section 4.18) and Employee Benefits (which are addressed in
Section 4.13(e)), and except as set forth on Schedule 4.17(a), each of the
Transfer Group Companies is in compliance with all Applicable Laws, except
for such non-compliances as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.
Each of the Transfer Group Companies has all Permits from any Governmental
Authority that are required to operate its respective business, except for
those the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material Adverse Effect or a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as disclosed in the
Northern Border SEC Reports, the Northern Border Companies (i) are in
compliance with all Applicable Laws, except for such non-compliances as would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect and (ii) have all Permits from any
Governmental Authority that are required to operate their respective
businesses, except for those the absence of which would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect.   4.18 Environmental Matters. Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.18 and except for facts, circumstances or conditions that would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect:   (a) The operations of the
Transfer Group Companies are in compliance with all Environmental Laws, which
compliance includes the possession and maintenance of, and compliance with,
all Permits required under all applicable Environmental Laws;   (b) None of
the Transfer Group Companies is the subject of any outstanding Order with any
Governmental Authority under any Environmental Laws;   (c) There are no
investigations of the business, operations, or currently or previously owned,
operated or leased property of the Transfer Group Companies pending or, to
the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened, that could reasonably be expected to
result in the Transfer Group Companies incurring any liability pursuant to
any Environmental Law; and   (d) None of the Transfer Group Companies is
subject to any pending, or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened Action,
whether judicial or administrative, alleging noncompliance with or potential
liability under any Environmental Law.   4.19 Insurance. Set forth on
Schedule 4.19 is a list of all material policies of insurance by which the
Transfer Group Companies\' assets or business activities are covered as of
the date of this Agreement. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19, to the
Knowledge of Sellers, all such policies are in full force and effect and
there are no claims pending as of the date hereof under any of such policies
where underwriters have reserved their rights or disclaimed coverage under
such policies with such exceptions in each case that would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect. To Sellers\' Knowledge, such insurance is maintained with
amounts and deductibles and/or self-insured retentions as are customarily
maintained by entities engaged in business of the same type and size as such
Transfer Group Company with such exceptions that, in the event of a loss,
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.20 Financial Advisors. Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.20, no Person has acted, directly or indirectly, as a
broker, finder or financial advisor for Sellers or their Affiliates in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Neither
Purchaser nor any Transfer Group Company or Northern Border Company is or
will become obligated to pay any fee or commission or like payment to any
broker, finder or financial advisor as a result of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon any arrangement made
by or on behalf of Sellers or any of their Affiliates.   4.21 Citrus
Trading. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21, Citrus Trading is not a party
to or bound by any material Contract (other than the Citrus Trading Gas
Contracts) and does not have any knowledge of any material indebtedness or
liability (whether accrued, contingent or otherwise) or any actual, or to the
Sellers\' Knowledge, threatened litigation or FERC proceeding involving
Citrus Trading. Citrus Trading does not engage and has not engaged, in
speculative natural gas trading activity or any natural gas market making
activity. Citrus Trading has never purchased or sold natural gas
via EnronOnline. Citrus Trading buys and sells natural gas only to serve the
markets along the Florida Gas pipeline system, primarily in the State of
Florida, subject to Citrus Trading\'s right to cease to buy or sell natural
gas at any time. Citrus Trading has never engaged in trading activity in the
California natural gas market.   4.22 No Other FERC Proceedings. Except as
set forth on Schedule 4.22, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no
pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened FERC proceedings
involving Transwestern or Florida Gas, except for such proceedings which
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect.   4.23 Limitation of
Representations and Warranties. EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
SET FORTH IN ARTICLE IV OF THIS AGREEMENT, NO SELLER IS MAKING ANY OTHER
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WRITTEN OR ORAL, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE EQUITY INTEREST, OR THE BUSINESS, ASSETS OR
LIABILITIES OF THE TRANSFER GROUP COMPANIES OR THE NORTHERN BORDER COMPANIES.
PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT,
NO SELLER HAS MADE, AND EACH SELLER HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND NEGATES,
AND PURCHASER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES, ANY REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AT COMMON LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE RELATING
TO, AND PURCHASER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES AND RELINQUISHES ANY AND ALL
RIGHTS, CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST SELLERS AND THEIR REPRESENTATIVES
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR MATERIALITY OF ANY
INFORMATION, DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS (WRITTEN OR ORAL) HERETOFORE FURNISHED
TO PURCHASER AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES BY OR ON BEHALF OF SELLERS. WITHOUT
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NO SELLER IS MAKING ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY TO
PURCHASER WITH RESPECT TO (A) THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN (I) THE
TRANSWESTERN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION MEMORANDUM DATED AS OF JULY 2002, (II)
THE NORTHERN PLAINS NATURAL GAS COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
DATED AS OF JULY 2002, (III) THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION MEMORANDUM DATED
JULY 2002 RELATING TO CITRUS AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, (IV) THE PLAN OR (V) THE
DISCLOSURE STATEMENT OR (B) ANY FINANCIAL PROJECTION OR FORECAST RELATING TO
THE BUSINESS, ASSETS OR LIABILITIES OF ANY OF THE TRANSFER GROUP COMPANIES OR
THE NORTHERN BORDER COMPANIES. WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROJECTION OR FORECAST
DELIVERED ON BEHALF OF SELLERS TO PURCHASER OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES, PURCHASER
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) THERE ARE UNCERTAINTIES INHERENT IN ATTEMPTING TO MAKE
SUCH PROJECTIONS AND FORECASTS, (B) IT IS FAMILIAR WITH SUCH UNCERTAINTIES,
(C) IT IS TAKING FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR MAKING ITS OWN EVALUATION OF THE
ADEQUACY AND ACCURACY OF ALL SUCH PROJECTIONS AND FORECASTS FURNISHED TO IT
AND (D) IT SHALL HAVE NO CLAIM AGAINST SELLERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES
WITH RESPECT THERETO.   ARTICLE V   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
PURCHASER   Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Sellers
as follows:   5.1 Organization and Good Standing. Purchaser is a
limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.   5.2 Authorization of
Agreement.   (a) Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to
execute this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a party by
Purchaser and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have
been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Purchaser. This
Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a party have
been duly executed and delivered by Purchaser and, assuming due execution and
delivery by Sellers, constitute the valid and binding obligations of
Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with their respective
terms.   5.3 No Violation; Consents.   (a) Except as set forth on Schedule
5.3(a), the execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents to which Purchaser is a party and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i)
violate any provision of the certificate of formation or limited liability
company agreement of Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, require the consent of a
third party under, violate, result in the breach of, constitute a default
under, or give rise to any right of acceleration, cancellation or termination
of any material right or obligation of Purchaser under any material agreement
or other instrument to which Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser or
any of its properties or assets are bound, (iii) violate any Order of any
Governmental Authority to which Purchaser is bound or subject or (iv) violate
any Applicable Law, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) through (iv), any
conflict, violation, breach, default, requirement for consents, rights of
acceleration, cancellation, termination or Lien that would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Purchaser Material
Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3(b) and except for
(i) filings as may be required under the HSR Act and (ii) such filings with,
and orders of, the FCC as may be required under the Communications Act, no
Order or Permit issued by, or declaration or filing with, or notification to,
or waiver from or consent from, any Governmental Authority is required on the
part of Purchaser in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, or the compliance or performance by Purchaser with any of the
provisions contained in this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, except for any such requirements, the
failure of which to be obtained or made would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Purchaser Material Adverse
Effect.   5.4 Litigation. There is no Action or Order pending or, to
the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser or any of its
Affiliates or Subsidiaries that seeks to restrain or prohibit or otherwise
challenge the consummation, legality or validity of the transactions
contemplated hereby or which would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.  
5.5 Investment Intention. Purchaser is acquiring the Equity Interest for its
own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view to the
distribution (as such term is used in Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act)
thereof Purchaser understands that the Equity Interest has not
been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be sold unless
subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such
registration is available.   5.6 Financial Capability. On or prior to the
date hereof, Purchaser has delivered to Sellers true and complete copies of
the following:   (a) a binding Commitment Letter for Equity Bridge
Facility addressed to Southern Union Panhandle LLC and Southern Union Company
from JPMorgan Chase Bank, JPMorgan Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch Capital
Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Inc. for the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;   (b) a binding letter from Southern Union
Panhandle LLC and Southern Union Company to advance to Purchaser as equity
financing the amounts advanced to Southern Union Panhandle LLC and Southern
Union Company pursuant to the Commitment Letter for Equity Bridge Facility
referred to in the preceding clause (a);   (c) a binding letter from
General Electric Capital Corporation to provide equity financing to Purchaser
for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and   (d) a binding
Commitment Letter addressed to Purchaser from JPMorgan Chase Bank, JPMorgan
Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch Capital Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner and Smith Inc. to provide (i) debt financing to Purchaser for the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) a term loan and a
revolving credit facility to refinance the existing credit facilities of
Transwestern.   The letters referred to in paragraphs (a) through (d) of
this Section 5.6 provide for funding in an aggregate amount sufficient to
purchase the Equity Interest at the Purchase Price and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
payments of fees and expenses contemplated hereunder. None of the letters
referred to in the preceding clauses (a)-(d) has been withdrawn, and
Purchaser is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause
Purchaser to be unable to obtain financing in accordance with the terms of
such letters, other than any such change, circumstance or event which results
from (a) any of the events described in Section 3.2(d), (b) any material
breach by Sellers of any covenant or agreement in this Agreement or any
representation or warranty of Sellers having been or becoming untrue in any
material respect, or (c) a Capital Markets Event.   5.7 Financial Advisors.
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.7 no Person has acted, directly or
indirectly, as a broker, finder or financial advisor for Purchaser in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and no Person
is entitled to any fee or commission or like payment in respect thereof.  
5.8 Understandings or Arrangements Relating to the Citrus Group Companies. As
of the date of this Agreement, neither Purchaser or the Financing Sources, or
any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, has made or entered
into any agreements, understandings or arrangements, or, since June 1, 2003,
has had any substantive conversations, with El Paso Corporation or any of its
Affiliates or Representatives related to the sale or other transfer of the
capital stock or the assets of any or all of the Citrus Group Companies.  
ARTICLE VI   COVENANTS   6.1 Access to Information. Prior to Closing,
Sellers shall, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Citrus Group Companies to, and shall cause the other Transfer Group Companies
to, permit Purchaser and its Representatives (including its legal advisors
and accountants) to have reasonable access, during normal business hours and
upon reasonable advance notice, to the properties, books, records and
personnel of the Transfer Group Companies; provided, that in no event shall
any Seller or any Transfer Group Company be obligated to provide (i) access
or information in violation of Applicable Law, (ii) bids, letters of intent,
expressions of interest or other proposals received from others in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and information and
analysis relating to such communications or (iii) any information, the
disclosure of which would jeopardize any privilege available to any Seller,
any of the Transfer Group Companies or any of their respective Affiliates
relating to such information or would cause any Seller, any of the Transfer
Group Companies or any of their respective Affiliates to breach a
confidentiality obligation to which it is bound. In connection with such
access, Purchaser\'s Representatives shall cooperate with Sellers\' and
the Transfer Group Companies\' Representatives and shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any disruption of the business of
Sellers and the Transfer Group Companies. Purchaser agrees to abide by the
terms of the Confidentiality Agreements and any safety rules or rules of
conduct reasonably imposed by the relevant Seller or Transfer Group Company
with respect to such access and any information furnished to them or their
Representatives pursuant to this Section 6.1. Purchaser shall indemnify,
defend and hold harmless the Seller Indemnified Parties and the Transfer
Group Companies from and against any and all Losses asserted against or
suffered by them relating to, resulting from, or arising out of, examinations
or inspections made by Purchaser or its Representatives pursuant to this
Section 6.1.   6.2 Conduct of the Business Pending the Closing.   (a)
Except as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement and the
schedules attached hereto or with the prior written consent of Purchaser
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned),
during the period from the date of this Agreement to and through the Closing
Date, Sellers shall, subject to (i) the limitations imposed on any of the
Sellers as a result of Enron, EOS and ETS and their respective
Affiliates having filed petitions for relief under the Bankruptcy Code and
(ii) any applicable fiduciary or contractual obligations, use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Transfer Group Companies to (A) conduct their
respective businesses in all material respects in the Ordinary Course of
Business, and (B) preserve in all material respects the present business
operations, organization and goodwill of the Transfer Group Companies. For
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not require Sellers or any of the
Transfer Group Companies to make any payments, incur any costs or enter into
or amend any contractual arrangements, agreements or understandings, unless
such payment, incurrence or other action is required by Applicable Law, by
contractual obligation with such third parties or to operate in the Ordinary
Course of Business.   (b) Except as otherwise expressly contemplated by
this Agreement or with the prior written consent of Purchaser (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), Sellers shall,
subject to (i) the limitations imposed on any of the Sellers prior to the
date of this Agreement as a result of Enron, EOS and ETS and their respective
Affiliates having filed petitions for relief under the Bankruptcy Code and
(ii) any applicable fiduciary or contractual obligations, use commercially
reasonable efforts to not permit any of the Citrus Group Companies to, and
shall not permit any of the other Transfer Group Companies to:   (i) except
as set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(i) or as  contemplated by the Contribution
Agreement or in the schedules  thereto, declare, set aside, make or pay any
non-cash dividend or  other non-cash distribution in respect of the capital
stock of any  Transfer Group Company or repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire  for non-cash consideration any outstanding shares of the capital 
stock or other securities of, or other ownership interests in, any  Transfer
Group Company (it being understood that prior to the  Closing, Sellers shall
have the right to cause Transwestern to  dividend the Transwestern
Receivables to Sellers without any  liability to Sellers or any adjustment to
the Purchase Price and  nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent,
delay or  hinder Sellers\' right to cause such dividend to be made);   (ii)
except as set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(ii),  transfer, issue, sell or dispose
of any shares of capital stock or  other securities of any of the Transfer
Group Companies or the  500,000 common units of Northern Border beneficially
owned by  Northern Plains as of the date of this Agreement or grant
options,  warrants, calls or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire 
shares of the capital stock or other securities of the Transfer  Group
Companies or the 500,000 common units of Northern Border  beneficially owned
by Northern Plains as of the date of this  Agreement;   (iii) effect any
recapitalization, reclassification,  stock split, or like change in the
capitalization of any Transfer  Group Company;   (iv) except as set forth
on Schedule 6.2(b)(iv),  amend the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or
other  organizational documents of any of the Transfer Group Companies;  
(v) except as provided under the severance and  retention plans and other
employment arrangements listed on Schedule  6.2(b)(v) and except as would not
create or increase any liability  of any Citrus Group Company, Transwestern
or Northern Plains Group  Company beyond any amount reflected on the Balance
Sheets, (A)  materially increase the annual level of compensation of any
employee  of the Transfer Group Companies (other than increases in the 
Ordinary Course of Business and that in the aggregate will not  result in a
material increase in the benefits or compensation  expense of the Transfer
Group Companies taken as a whole), (B) grant  any unusual or extraordinary
bonus, benefit or other direct or  indirect compensation to any employee,
director or consultant of the  Transfer Group Companies, other than in the
Ordinary Course of  Business, (C) materially increase the coverage or
benefits available  under any (or, except as permitted under clause (D) or as
provided  on Schedule 6.2(b)(v), create or adopt any new) Benefit
Arrangement,  Employee Benefit Plan or arrangement made to, for, or with any
of  the directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives of the 
Transfer Group Companies or otherwise materially modify or amend or 
terminate any such arrangement or plan or (D) other than in the  Ordinary
Course of Business, hire any person or enter into any  employment, deferred
compensation, severance, consulting, or similar  agreement (or amend any such
agreement) to which any Transfer Group  Company is a party or involving a
director, officer or employee of  the Transfer Group Companies in his or her
capacity as a director,  officer or employee of the Transfer Group Companies,
other than (1)  with respect to any Person who fills a vacant position or (2)
with  respect to a technical consulting engagement; provided that any such 
agreement or amendment (x) has a term of one year or less, and in  the case
of (1), provides for no increase in compensation other than  in the Ordinary
Course of Business and, (y) in the case of (2), will  not provide the
technical consultant with more than $200,000 of base  annual salary, or (z)
in the case of hirings, agreements and  amendments that do not meet the
requirements of subclauses (x) or  (y) will not, when aggregated with all
other such hirings,  agreements and amendments that do not meet the
requirements of  subclauses (x) or (y), require total payments of base annual
salary  in excess of $2,000,000 or payments to any individual in excess of 
$350,000.   (vi) except as set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(vi) and  except for
(A) trade payables, (B) indebtedness under existing lines  of credit, (C) any
extension, renewal or refinancing of existing  indebtedness, (D) indebtedness
for borrowed money incurred or  guarantees issued in the Ordinary Course of
Business and (E)  indebtedness in an amount sufficient to allow the Transfer
Group  Companies to make any required capital contributions in accordance 
with the terms of the Northern Border Partnership Agreement, borrow  monies
for any reason, draw down on any line of credit or debt  obligation, or
become the guarantor, surety, endorser or otherwise  liable for any debt,
obligation or liability (contingent or  otherwise) of any other Person (other
than another Transfer Group  Company or any Northern Border Company);  
(vii) subject any of the material properties or  assets (whether tangible or
intangible) of the Transfer Group  Companies to any Lien, except for (A)
Permitted Exceptions or (B)  Liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business
or by operation of  Law, or subject the Equity Interest to any Lien, except,
prior to  the Closing, the Liens on the Equity Interest imposed in
connection  with the DIP Agreement;   (viii) except as set forth on
Schedule 6.2(b)(viii),  (A) acquire any properties or assets other than in
the Ordinary  Course of Business, except for any such acquisitions of
properties  or assets with a fair market value of up to $5,000,000 in the 
aggregate or (B) sell, assign, transfer, convey, lease or otherwise  dispose
of any of the material properties or assets of the Transfer  Group Companies
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business,  except for any such
dispositions of properties or assets with a fair  market value of up to
$5,000,000 in the aggregate;   (ix) until written notice is provided to
Purchaser,  enter into any labor or collective bargaining agreement of the 
Transfer Group Companies, through negotiation or otherwise, or make  any
material commitment or incur any material liability to any labor 
organization with respect to the Transfer Group Companies;   (x) except as
set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(x),  repurchase, discharge or satisfy any claim,
debt or obligation of  any of the Transfer Group Companies in an amount in
excess of  $2,000,000 in the aggregate, other than (A) in the Ordinary
Course  of Business, (B) pursuant to the terms of any Contract as in effect 
on the date of this Agreement or permitted to be entered into  hereafter or
(C) in the pursuit, prosecution or resolution of any  pending FERC
proceedings;   (xi) subject to Section 6.4, permit any of the  Transfer
Group Companies to enter into, or agree to enter into, any  merger or
consolidation with, any corporation or other entity;   (xii) pursuant to or
within the meaning of the  Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal, state or
foreign law for the  relief of debtors, commence a voluntary case, consent to
the entry  of an Order for relief against any of them in an involuntary
case,  consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, 
liquidator or similar official of them or for all or substantially  all of
its property or assets, or make a general assignment for the  benefit of its
creditors;   (xiii) fail to maintain, in full force and effect,  to the
extent commercially reasonably available, insurance coverage  that is
equivalent in all material respects to the insurance  coverage currently in
effect for the Transfer Group Companies under  the Insurance Policies or
comparable insurance; provided, however,  that Sellers shall not be in breach
of this Section 6.2(b)(xiii) if  any current insurer refuses to renew or
continue to extend insurance  coverage to the Transfer Group Companies so
long as Sellers use  commercially reasonable efforts to obtain equivalent
insurance  coverage from another reputable insurer and nothing herein shall 
prevent Sellers from replacing any existing insurance from a current  insurer
with substantially equivalent insurance from another  reputable insurer;  
(xiv) amend, modify or change the Contribution  Agreement or the Principal
Contribution Transaction Documents (other  than an amendment of the
Transition Services Agreement and the  Transition Services Supplemental
Agreement solely providing for the  extension of the term for a period of up
to one (1) year) in any  material respect;   (xv) except as set forth on
Schedule 6.2(b)(xv) make  any single loan, advance or capital contribution
to, or investment  in, any Person who is not a Transfer Group Company or
Northern  Border Company (or any entity in which a Northern Border Company
has  an ownership interest) in excess of $5,000,000 or a series of such 
loans, advances and capital contributions to, or investments in, any  such
Person in excess of $15,000,000 in the aggregate, except for  loans,
advances, capital contributions and investments (A) pursuant  to and in
accordance with the terms of any Material Contract, in  each case existing as
of the date of this Agreement, or (B) in the  Ordinary Course of
Business;   (xvi) except as set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(xvi),  make or
commit to make any single capital expenditure in excess of  $5,000,000 or
commit to make a series of capital expenditures in  excess of $15,000,000 in
the aggregate (in each case, other than  capital expenditures included in the
capital forecast previously  provided to Purchaser); or   (xvii) authorize,
or commit or agree to take, any of  the actions referred to in paragraphs (i)
through (xvi) above.   6.3 Appropriate Action; Filings.   (a) Through the
Closing Date, Sellers and Purchaser will each cooperate with each other and
use (and will cause their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates to use)
commercially reasonable efforts (i) to take, or to cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or to cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary,
proper or advisable on its part under this Agreement, Applicable Law or
otherwise to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, (ii) to obtain promptly from any Governmental Authority any
Orders or Permits required to be obtained by Sellers or Purchaser or any of
their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the
authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) to promptly
make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required
submissions, with respect to this Agreement and prompt consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby required under (A) the HSR Act, (B) the
Communications Act and (C) any other Applicable Law. For the avoidance of
doubt, Sellers shall not be obligated to pay any consideration or incur any
additional costs to obtain any consents from third parties that may be
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. In addition, each party will provide prompt notification to
the other party when any such Action, Order, Permit, filing application
petition or notice referred to in the foregoing clause (iii) is obtained,
taken or made, as applicable. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, neither Sellers nor any of the Transfer Group Companies
shall be required to take any action (including, without limitation, to make
any statement) that would, in the reasonable judgment of the Sellers, be
expected to materially hinder or delay Sellers\' ability, following a valid
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2, to effect a
Distribution.   (b) As promptly as practicable, but in any event no later
than fifteen (15) days after the entry of the Bidding Procedures Order,
Sellers and Purchaser shall each file or cause to be filed with the Federal
Trade Commission ("FTC") and the Department of Justice ("DOJ") any
notifications and report forms, together with all required supplemental
information, required to be filed under the HSR Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and request early termination of the waiting period with respect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Sellers and Purchaser
shall consult with each other as to the appropriate time of filing such
notifications and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make such
filings at the agreed upon time, to respond promptly to any requests for
additional information made by either of such agencies, to cooperate with
each other in connection with resolving any investigation or other inquiry
concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement commenced by
either of such agencies and to cause the waiting periods under the HSR Act to
terminate or expire at the earliest possible date after the date of filing;
provided that neither Sellers nor Purchaser shall be required to continue to
pursue approval to the extent either agency or staff of either agency has
indicated, in the good-faith belief of both Purchaser\'s and Sellers\' legal
counsel, that it will invoke judicial process to enjoin consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement prior to the expiration of
the waiting period. Purchaser will promptly take all actions within its
control and necessary to comply with any requests made, or conditions set, by
the FTC and the DOJ to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including the divestiture of assets of any Transfer Group Company
or Northern Border Company; provided, however, that in no event shall
Purchaser be required (i) to divest any asset or modify any arrangement with
respect to any of the operations of the Transfer Group Companies (other than
any of their equity interests in, or assets of, any or all of the Northern
Border Companies). if such divestiture or modification would have a Transfer
Group Material Adverse Effect or (ii) to take or refrain from taking any
action if such action or refraining would have a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Purchaser be
required to take any action to obtain the consent or approval of the FTC or
the DOJ to the transactions contemplated hereby if the FTC or the DOJ: (i)
imposes as a condition to obtaining any such consent or approval any
limitations or conditions materially adverse to the business of Purchaser and
Southern Union Company, taken as a whole, or Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line
Company, LLC and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) imposes any
limitations or conditions whatsoever on General Electric Capital
Corporation or any of its Affiliates (other than Purchaser).   6.4
Bankruptcy Filings, Covenants and Agreements.   (a) No later than four (4)
Business Days following the execution of this Agreement, Sellers shall file
with the Bankruptcy Court (i) the Sale Motion, seeking entry of the Approval
Order, and (ii) the Bidding Procedures Motion, seeking entry of the Bidding
Procedures Order. Sellers agree that they shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to have the Bankruptcy Court enter the Bidding Procedures Order as
soon as practicable following the filing of the Bidding Procedures Motion.
Purchaser agrees that it will promptly take such actions as are reasonably
requested by Sellers to assist in obtaining the Approval Order and the
Bidding Procedures Order, including furnishing affidavits or other documents
or information for filing with the Bankruptcy Court for the purposes, among
others, of providing necessary assurances of performance by Purchaser under
this Agreement and demonstrating that Purchaser is a "good faith" purchaser
under section 363(m) of the Bankruptcy Code. Purchaser shall not, without the
prior written consent of Sellers, file, join in, or otherwise support in any
manner whatsoever any motion or other pleading relating to the sale of the
Equity Interest hereunder. In the event the entry of the Approval Order or
the Bidding Procedures Order shall be appealed, Sellers and Purchaser shall
each use its commercially reasonable efforts to defend such appeal.   (b)
From the date of execution of this Agreement and until the date the
Bankruptcy Court approves the Bidding Procedures Order, Sellers shall not,
and shall not cause, authorize or permit any of their respective Affiliates,
and their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, investment
bankers, accountants and other agents and representatives (collectively,
"Representatives") to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate,
negotiate, assist, facilitate or encourage the submission of, or accept or
agree to, or otherwise take any affirmative action with respect to
the purchase of the Equity Interest by any Person other than Purchaser, (ii)
furnish any non-public information to any Person other than Purchaser, its
Affiliates or their Representatives relating to any of the Transfer Group
Companies (except in connection with providing notices of the Bidding
Procedures Motion and/or the Sale Motion), or (iii) enter into any
negotiations or discussions or agreement or arrangement in connection with
the purchase of the Equity Interest, the equity interests of any of the
Transfer Group Companies or all or substantially all of the assets of
Transwestern by any Person other than Purchaser (an "Alternative
Transaction"); provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.4(b) shall
prohibit or restrict Sellers or their Affiliates or their respective
Representatives from taking appropriate actions to preserve
Sellers\' flexibility to effect a Distribution. For the avoidance of doubt,
any statements made by Sellers in the Bidding Procedures Motion or in the
hearing in connection therewith shall not be deemed to be a solicitation for
purposes of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 6.4 shall prohibit or
restrict Sellers and their Affiliates and Representatives from providing
information about the Bidding Procedures Motion or the Bidding Procedures
Order to any Person who makes an offer or expresses an indication of interest
which was not solicited after the date of this Agreement in violation of this
Section 6.4(b). Sellers shall not be required to comply with the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6.4(b) to the extent Sellers (i) take any action
required in connection with obtaining the Bidding Procedures Order or the
Approval Order or (ii) in good faith determine (after consultation with
bankruptcy counsel) that compliance with such provisions would likely be
inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of Sellers\' directors in respect of
the Bankruptcy Cases.   (c) Following the entry of the Bidding Procedures
Order and until the Auction Termination Date, Sellers and their respective
Affiliates and Representatives shall be permitted to market and solicit
inquiries, proposals, offers or bids from, and negotiate with, any Person
other than Purchaser relating to an Alternative Transaction, and may take any
other affirmative action in connection therewith (including, but not limited
to, (i) entering into any definitive agreement or letter-of-intent with
respect thereto or (ii) issuing press releases, placing advertisements or
making other releases or disclosures in connection therewith), subject only
to any limitations set forth in the Bidding Procedures Order, and nothing in
this Agreement will, or is intended to, in any way be deemed to restrict such
actions or efforts; provided, however, that during such time, Sellers and
their respective Affiliates and Representatives shall not solicit the
submission of any offer for an Alternative Transaction that does not involve
the purchase of the entire Equity Interest or all of the assets of the
Company; provided further, however, that if a Person other than Purchaser
submits an unsolicited offer or indication of interest regarding a
transaction for all or a portion of the Equity Interest, the equity interests
of any Transfer Group Company or all or substantially all of the assets of
Transwestern, the immediately preceding proviso shall in no way restrict the
ability of any Seller or any of its Affiliates or Representatives from taking
any action otherwise permitted by this Section 6.4(c) in connection with such
offer or indication of interest. For the avoidance of doubt, any statements
made by Sellers or any of its Representatives in the Bidding Procedures
Motion or in the hearing in connection therewith shall not be deemed to be a
solicitation for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Sellers may only enter into, and seek Bankruptcy Court approval of, (i) any
definitive agreement with respect to an Alternative Transaction if
such Alternative Transaction is a Superior Transaction or (ii) a
Distribution, and in each case only on or prior to the Auction Termination
Date, unless Purchaser is not selected as the Winning Bidder pursuant
thereto. None of the Sellers nor any of their respective Affiliates or
Representatives shall have any liability to Purchaser or any of its
Affiliates or Representatives, either under or relating to this Agreement or
any Applicable Law, by virtue of entering into or seeking Bankruptcy Court
approval of such a definitive agreement for a Superior Transaction that is
permitted by this Section 6.4(c).   (d) If Purchaser is selected as Winning
Bidder, from the Auction Termination Date until the earlier of (i) the
Closing Date and (ii) the valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 3.2, Sellers shall not, directly or indirectly, pursue or facilitate
any Alternative Transaction or, solicit, accept, facilitate, review,
cooperate with, discuss, or provide information in connection with, any
offer, inquiry, proposal, bid or indication of interest from any Person, or
respond to any inquiries from or engage in any negotiations with any Person,
or share any information regarding Purchaser or any of the Transfer Group
Companies, with respect to or in possible contemplation of any Alternative
Transaction, and Sellers shall not assist, cooperate with or help to
facilitate any other Person in taking or effecting any such actions;
provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit the ability of the Sellers
to take any action (including, without limitation, to make any statement) to
preserve the flexibility to effect a Distribution following a valid
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2. The parties
hereto agree that if Purchaser is selected as the Winning Bidder, from and
after the Auction Termination Date, Sellers shall not have the right to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2(d)(iii).   (e) No Seller
will seek approval of the Bankruptcy Court to amend, modify or change the
initial overbid increment in respect of bids for an Alternative
Transaction.   6.5 Preservation of Records; Cooperation. Subject to
Section 9.2(d) hereof (relating to the preservation of Tax records), each of
Sellers and Purchaser shall, and, after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Citrus Group Companies to, and
shall cause the other Transfer Group Companies to, preserve and keep in their
possession all records held by them on and after the date of this Agreement
relating to the business of the Transfer Group Companies, until the earlier
of (x) seven (7) years from the Closing Date or such longer period as may be
required by Applicable Law and (y) the closing of the Bankruptcy Cases, and
shall make such records and then existing personnel available to the other
party as may reasonably be required by such party in connection with, among
other things, any insurance claims involving, legal proceedings involving, or
governmental investigations of, Sellers or Purchaser or any of their
respective Affiliates or in order to enable Sellers or Purchaser to comply
with their respective obligations under this Agreement and each other
agreement, document or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby; provided,
however, that in no event shall Sellers, Purchaser or any of their respective
Affiliates be obligated to provide any information the disclosure of which
would (i) jeopardize any privilege available to such party relating to such
information or (ii) cause such party to breach a confidentiality obligation
to which it is bound. After the expiration of any applicable retention
period, before Purchaser shall dispose of any of such records, at least
ninety (90) days prior notice to such effect shall be given by Purchaser to
Sellers (or a Person designated by Sellers) and Sellers shall have the
opportunity (but not the obligation), at their sole cost and expense, to
remove and retain all or any part of such records as they may in their sole
discretion select.   6.6 Confidentiality.   (a) The parties acknowledge
that Southern Union Company and Enron previously executed a confidentiality
agreement dated April 2, 2004, and General Electric Capital Corporation and
Enron previously executed a confidentiality agreement effective as of April
2, 2004 (as each may be amended and supplemented, the "Confidentiality
Agreements"), which Confidentiality Agreements shall continue in full force
and effect until completion of the Closing, at which time the obligations of
Southern Union Company and General Electric Capital Corporation thereunder
with respect to the Evaluation Material (as defined in the Confidentiality
Agreements) relating solely to the Transfer Group Companies shall terminate.
Purchaser hereby agrees to be bound, mutatis mutandis, by the terms and
conditions of the Confidentiality Agreements to which Southern Union Company
and General Electric Capital Corporation are bound as if Purchaser were an
original party thereto.   (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 6.4, the
parties agree that the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and information provided to Purchaser and its Affiliates
and Representatives and the Purchaser Related Parties in connection with
the execution hereof shall be subject to the same standard of confidentiality
as set forth in the Confidentiality Agreements. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the parties hereto acknowledge and understand that (i) in
connection with seeking the Bidding Procedures Order and the Approval Order
and implementation thereof, this Agreement (together with the exhibits and
schedules attached hereto) will be filed with the Bankruptcy Court and made
publicly available, and (ii) disclosures relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will be made to the Creditors\' Committee and
to its Representatives, and the parties agree that such filing and
disclosures will be not be deemed to violate any confidentiality obligations
owing to any party, whether pursuant to this Agreement, the Confidentiality
Agreements or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither this Section
6.6 nor the Confidentiality Agreements shall in any way limit: (i) the
disclosure of information by Sellers in connection with the administration of
the Bankruptcy Cases, (ii) the disclosure of information by Sellers to the
SEC. FERC, PBGC and any other Governmental Authority, (iii) the disclosure of
information that is related to a Distribution following a valid termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2, or (iv) any other action or
disclosure permitted to be made by Sellers and their respective Affiliates
and Representatives pursuant to Section 6.4.   6.7 Public Announcements.
Prior to the Closing Date, none of Sellers or Purchaser, or any of their
respective Affiliates or Representatives, shall (except as may otherwise be
permitted under the terms of this Agreement or the Bidding Procedures Order
or as may be deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill disclosure requirements
in connection with the Plan) issue any press release or public statement
concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
without obtaining the prior written approval of the other parties hereto,
unless such disclosure is required by Applicable Law, an Order of
the Bankruptcy Court or by obligations pursuant to any agreement with any
national securities exchange; provided, that the party intending to make such
release shall give the other parties prior notice and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts consistent with such Applicable Law, Order or
obligation to consult with the other parties with respect to the text
thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.7 shall not in any way
prohibit or restrict Sellers from issuing any press release or public
statement, placing any advertisement or making any other releases or
disclosures permitted under Section 6.4.   6.8 Directors\' and Officers\'
Indemnification. For a period of not less than six (6) years after the
Closing Date, Purchaser shall cause the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws or other organizational documents of each Transfer Group Company to
continue to include the same provisions concerning the exculpation,
indemnification, advancement of expenses to and holding harmless of, all past
and present employees, officers, agents and directors of such Transfer Group
Company for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Closing as are
contained in such documents as of the date of execution of this Agreement,
and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of the
Citrus Group Companies to, and shall cause each other Transfer Group Company
to, jointly and severally honor all such provisions, including making any
indemnification payments and expense advancements thereunder. In the event
that any indemnifiable claim is asserted or made within such six (6) year
period, all rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses in respect
of such claim shall continue to the extent currently permitted under the
relevant Transfer Group Company\'s certificate of incorporation and bylaws or
other organizational documents until such claim is disposed of or all Orders
in connection with such claim are fully satisfied.   6.9 Further Assurances.
Sellers and Purchaser agree that from and after the Closing Date, each of
them will, and will cause their respective Affiliates to, execute and deliver
such further instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other
action as may reasonably be requested by any party hereto to carry out the
purposes and intents of this Agreement.   6.10 Financing.   (a) Purchaser
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain and effectuate the Financing
on the terms set forth in the Commitment Letters. Purchaser shall perform all
obligations required to be performed by it in accordance with the terms of
the Commitment Letters, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain
the Commitment Letters in full force and effect through the Closing.
Purchaser shall from time to time provide such information to Sellers as
Sellers may reasonably request regarding the status of the Financing.
Purchaser agrees to notify Sellers immediately if, at any time prior to the
Closing Date, (i) any of the Commitment Letters shall expire or be terminated
for any reason; (ii) any Financing Source that is a party to a Commitment
Letter notifies Purchaser that such source no longer intends to provide
financing to Purchaser, except pursuant to assignment rights expressly set
forth in the Commitment Letters, the syndication of any commitment or
the addition of parties to any such commitments or Commitment Letters
(provided that the aggregate amount of such commitments is not reduced
thereby or such assignment does not impair the ability to obtain the
Financing), and all such additional or substituted parties shall be deemed
Financing Sources for purposes of this Agreement, (iii) for any reason
Purchaser no longer believes in good faith that it will be able to obtain any
of the financing substantially on the terms described in the Commitment
Letters or (iv) a Capital Markets Event occurs. Purchaser shall not, or
permit any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to, without the prior written
consent of Sellers, take any action or enter into any transaction, including,
without limitation, any merger, acquisition, joint venture, disposition,
lease, contract or debt or equity financing that would reasonably be expected
to impair, delay or prevent the financing contemplated by the Commitment
Letters. Purchaser shall not amend or alter, or agree to amend or alter, the
Commitment Letters in any manner without the prior written consent
of Sellers, provided that such consent will not be required if such
amendment, alteration or agreement to amend or alter would not reasonably be
expected to hinder or delay the Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 6.10(a), Purchaser may obtain alternative
Financing, provided that such alternative Financing will not reasonably be
expected to hinder or delay the Closing and that the Commitment Letters
remain in full force and effect.   (b) Subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 6.1, Sellers will cooperate as reasonably requested with Purchaser
in connection with the Financing, including providing information with
respect to any offering memorandum or similar disclosure document. Purchaser
will promptly reimburse Sellers for all reasonable expenses incurred by any
of them pursuant to this Section 6.10(b).   6.11 Payment of Pro Rata
Distributions. Purchaser agrees that within two (2) Business Days after the
Northern Plains Group Companies receive any quarterly distribution (the
"Northern Border Distribution") from Northern Border in respect of their
general partner interests and common units paid after the Closing which
relates to a quarter that ends prior to the Closing Date, it will cause all
of the applicable Northern Plains Group Companies to pay to Sellers the
amount of such distribution; provided that to the extent that any Northern
Border Distribution relates to a quarter that begins prior to but ends after
the Closing Date, Purchaser shall cause the applicable Northern Plains Group
Companies to pay to Sellers for such quarter an amount equal to the product
of (a) the aggregate amount of such Northern Border Distribution and (b) a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the first day
of the applicable quarter through the Closing Date and the denominator of
which is ninety (90). Purchaser shall provide Sellers with a reasonably
detailed calculation of any pro rata Northern Border Distribution paid to
Sellers pursuant to this Section 6.11. Any dispute regarding such calculation
shall be resolved by an independent accounting firm chosen in the manner
provided in Schedule 2.1. Amounts paid pursuant to this Section 6.11 shall be
treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes. Each of
Purchaser and its Affiliates shall (a) take all actions necessary (including
voting its equity interest on behalf of the Northern Plains Group Companies)
to effect, or cause to be effected, any distribution to which the Northern
Plains Group Companies are entitled pursuant to the Northern Border
Partnership Agreement and (b) not take or fail to take, or cause to be taken,
any action that would impair the ability of the Northern Plains Group
Companies to receive any distribution to which it is entitled pursuant to the
terms of the Northern Border Partnership Agreement.   6.12 Release of
Guarantees. Sellers and certain of their respective Affiliates are guarantors
with respect to certain indebtedness of the Transfer Group Companies, as set
forth on Schedule 6.12 (collectively, the "Guaranteed Indebtedness"). Prior
to the Closing, Purchaser shall cause Sellers or their respective Affiliates,
as applicable, to be replaced by Purchaser or any Affiliate of Purchaser as
guarantor or other applicable status with respect to all of the Guaranteed
Indebtedness.   6.13 Understandings or Arrangements Relating to the
Citrus Group Companies. Except as specifically provided on Schedule 6.13,
prior to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall not, and Purchaser shall cause its
Affiliates or Representatives and the Purchaser Related Parties and their
Affiliates and Representatives to not, make or enter into any agreements,
understandings or arrangements, or have any substantive conversations, with
El Paso Corporation or any of its Affiliates or Representatives related to
the sale or other transfer of the capital stock or the assets of any or all
of the Citrus Group Companies.   6.14 Severance Agreements, Plans and
Policies.   (a) For a period of twelve (12) months after the Closing
Date, Purchaser shall not, and shall cause the Transfer Group Companies
(other than the Citrus Group Companies) not to, and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Citrus Group Companies not to, terminate,
revoke, suspend, amend, modify or otherwise change (or take any action that
would cause any of the foregoing, or fail to take any action that would avoid
the foregoing) any agreement, plan, program or policy described on Schedule
4.13(a) or Schedule 4.13(b) and relating to severance or termination
obligations for employees of the Transfer Group Companies in any manner that
would have an adverse impact on the employees of the Transfer Group
Companies.   (b) With respect to the partition and distribution of
assets and liabilities associated with the Enron Gas Pipelines Employee
Benefit Trust (the "VEBA") as disclosed on item 8 to Schedule 4.7(a), the
amount of assets and liabilities to be transferred to, or assumed by, any
Transfer Group Company shall be with respect to the current and former
employees of the Transfer Group Companies and shall be calculated in a manner
consistent with the motion of the debtors filed in the Bankruptcy Cases dated
July 22, 2003, as may be amended, seeking approval therefore and shall be
effectuated in a manner consistent with the motion and any order of the
Bankruptcy Court approving the relief requested therein.   (c) Following
the date hereof, no Transfer Group Company or Northern Border Company will be
required to contribute to or otherwise be liable for any contributions in
connection with the Cash Balance Plan including but not limited to, any
payments or contributions pursuant to any Order of the Bankruptcy Court, the
Contribution Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement or any other
agreement, including without limitation, the agreement set forth in Section
5.6(b) of the Contribution Agreement, between any of Sellers, on one hand,
and the Transfer Group Companies, on the other hand, relating to
the allocation of costs of providing employee benefits to the employees of
the Transfer Group Companies. For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchase Price
shall be deemed to include all contributions which otherwise would have been
allocable to any Transfer Group Company and any Northern Border Company.
Following receipt of the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, the Transfer Group Companies and the Northern Border Companies
shall be deemed to have fully satisfied the contribution obligations that
they would have been required to contribute to the Cash Balance Plan,
including, without limitation, any such obligation arising pursuant to any
Order of the Bankruptcy Court or any agreement referenced in this Section
6.14(c).   6.15 Citrus Trading.   (a) Prior to the Closing, all of the
Contracts listed on Schedule 6.15(a) (such Contracts, collectively, the
"Citrus Trading Gas Contracts") will be terminated, transferred or assigned
from Citrus Trading to an entity other than a Transfer Group Company or
Northern Border Company, such that the Transfer Group Companies will have no
remaining liability under such contracts, or to the extent that any such
contract is not so terminated, transferred or assigned, Sellers shall
indemnify Purchaser with respect to such contracts pursuant to the Citrus
Trading Gas Contract Indemnification Agreement, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit C (the "Citrus Trading Gas Contract Indemnification
Agreement").   (b) From and after the Closing, Purchaser shall cause to
be paid to Sellers, in accordance with each Seller\'s Percentage Interest,
an aggregate amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of any amounts received by
any of the Citrus Group Companies in connection with the resolution of the
Duke Litigation or ENA Litigation, less (i) one-half of all reasonable out-
of-pocket expenses incurred by the Citrus Group Companies pertaining to such
litigation (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney\'s fees), (ii)
an amount sufficient to pay one-half of all Taxes payable by the Citrus Group
Companies in respect of any such amounts paid to the Citrus Group Companies
and (iii) one-half of any payments made to Auburndale Power Partners, Limited
Partnership by Citrus Trading directly from any proceeds of the Duke
Litigation or ENA Litigation as provided under the Auburndale Settlement
Agreement, but only to the extent that the total of such litigation expenses
and Taxes exceeds the amount of cash on hand at Citrus Trading as of the
Closing Date reduced by the amount of any of such cash previously used to (x)
reduce the Citrus Trading Contribution Amount under paragraph (b) or (c) of
Schedule 2.1 to the Purchase Agreement or (y) reduce any Net Losses (as
defined in Section 2(b) of the Citrus Trading Gas Contract Indemnity
Agreement) pursuant to Section 2(c) of the Citrus Trading Gas Contract
Indemnity Agreement; provided, however, that to the extent that the actual
amounts payable to Sellers in respect of the Duke Litigation pursuant to this
Section 6.14(b) exceed $25,000,000, then with respect to any such amounts in
respect of the Duke Litigation in excess of $25,000,000, Sellers shall only
be entitled to an aggregate amount equal to two-thirds of such 50% interest;
provided further, however, that the $25,000,000 in the preceding proviso
shall be increased by the Final Citrus Trading Capital
Contribution. Purchaser shall pay to Sellers such amounts within two (2)
Business Days of the Citrus Group Companies receipt thereof. From and after
Closing, Purchaser shall in good faith use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Citrus Group Companies to expeditiously and diligently prosecute
the settlement, compromise or other resolution of all claims or proceedings
arising from the Duke Litigation, and Sellers shall take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to support the resolution of such claims or
proceedings. Purchaser shall keep Sellers reasonably informed of all material
developments regarding the resolution of the Duke Litigation, and shall
promptly provide Sellers with all notices, pleadings, determinations and
other papers filed in respect thereof.   6.16 Certain Transactions.   (a)
At Purchaser\'s request (the "Request"), either:   (i) Sellers shall, prior
to the Closing Date,  subject to having obtained any and all necessary
approvals and  consents from Governmental Authorities, (A) cause each of the
H- 10  Companies to convert into a limited liability company or a limited 
partnership under the laws of the jurisdiction in which each is  organized on
the date of this Agreement (the "Conversion  Transactions") and (B) cause
each such limited liability company or  limited partnership to be
continuously treated as a partnership or a  disregarded entity from its owner
for United States federal income  tax purposes; and (C) cause the stock of
Citrus held by CrossCountry  Citrus Corp. to be distributed to the Company;
or   (ii) Enron and the Purchaser will join in making a  timely election
under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code and any  corresponding elections under
state, local or foreign tax law  (collectively the "Section 338(h)(10)
Election") with respect to the  purchase and sale of the stock of the H-10
Companies.   (b) The Purchaser shall make the Request in writing no
later than five (5) days prior to the Closing Date and shall specify whether
the Purchaser is requesting that the parties make a Section 338(h)(10)
Election or effect a Conversion Transaction.  (c) Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Conversion
Transactions cause Sellers to breach any representation, warranty, covenant
or other agreement of Sellers contained in this Agreement, such breach shall
be given no effect, and Purchaser shall have no right to (x) terminate this
Agreement due to such breach by Sellers or the failure of Sellers to meet any
of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1 or 7.2 by the Outside Date as a
result of the Conversion Transactions (for the avoidance of doubt, such
breach shall in no way relieve Purchaser of its obligations to close
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), or (y) to seek
indemnification from Sellers for such breach. Purchaser shall indemnify,
defend and hold harmless the Seller Indemnified Parties from and against any
and all (i) Excess Conversion Tax Liability and (ii) Losses that are not
attributable to Taxes asserted against or suffered by them relating to,
resulting from, or arising out of any Conversion Transaction. Excess
Conversion Tax Liability (and the components thereof) shall be computed
assuming the correctness of the representations and warranties in Section
4.14(g).  (d) If Purchaser delivers a Request requesting the Conversion
Transactions under Section 6.16(a)(i), but for any reason the Conversion
Transactions do not occur prior to the Closing Date, Enron shall join
Purchaser in making a Section 338(h)(10) Election in accordance with Section
6.16(a)(ii).   6.17 Financial Information.   (a) Sellers shall provide to
Purchaser not later than thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar
quarter ending after the date hereof:   (i) copies of the unaudited
consolidated balance sheet of the Citrus Group Companies as at the end
of such quarter and the related statements of income, stockholders\' equity
and cash flows of the Citrus Group Companies for the three (3) month period
then ended;   (ii) copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of
the Transwestern Group Companies as at the end of such quarter and the
related statements of income, stockholders\' equity and cash flows of the
Transwestern Group Companies for the three (3) month period then ended;
and   (iii) copies of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the
Northern Plains Group Companies as at the end of such quarter and the related
statements of income, stockholders\' equity and cash flows of the Northern
Plains Group Companies for the three (3) month period then ended.  The
Financial Statements and the Northern Border Financial Statements shall
be prepared in accordance with the books and records of the Citrus Group
Companies, the Transwestern Group Companies and the Northern Plains Group
Companies, respectively, as at the date and for the period indicated, and,
except as set forth in Schedule 6.17, in accordance with GAAP.   (b) After
the entry of the Approval Order, to the extent Purchaser reasonably requires
audited or reviewed financial statements with respect to each of the Transfer
Group Companies and the Northern Border Companies in order to comply with the
reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission set forth in
Regulations S-K and S-X, Sellers will reasonably cooperate with Purchaser (at
Purchaser\'s cost), to deliver such financial statements including any
reasonable request that Sellers: (i) request their independent auditors to
prepare and deliver to Purchaser a comfort letter(s), customary in scope and
substance for comfort letters delivered in similar circumstances and (ii)
request such members of management of the Transfer Group Companies and the
Northern Border Companies that would customarily sign a management
representation letter for the benefit of the independent auditors in
producing such comfort letter(s) to make themselves available. The failure of
any independent auditor to provide the documentation referred to in the
preceding clause (i) and the failure of any members of management to make
themselves available as provided in the preceding clause (ii) shall not
constitute a default by Sellers of their obligations hereunder.   6.18.
Regulatory Approvals. As promptly following the entry of the Bidding
Procedures Order by the Bankruptcy Court as is reasonably practicable,
Southern Union Company and Purchaser shall commence commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain all of the consents and approvals identified on Schedule
5.3(b) as being required to be obtained in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   6.19 Citrus Capital
Stock Agreement. Immediately prior to the Closing, Enron shall cause EOS, the
Company and CrossCountry Citrus Corp. to approve the transfer of the Equity
Interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Contemporaneously
with the Closing, Enron shall cause the existing members of the board of
managers or directors, as applicable, of the Company and of CrossCountry
Citrus Corp. to resign, and shall appoint, or cause to be appointed,
successor directors to each such board, as designated by Purchaser. At or
prior to the Closing, Enron shall assign to the Company, and the
Company shall assume from Enron, all rights and obligations of Enron under
that certain Capital Stock Agreement dated April, 1986, relating to the
ownership of the capital stock of Citrus.   ARTICLE VII   CONDITIONS TO
CLOSING   7.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Each Party.
The respective obligations of each of the Sellers, on the one hand, and
Purchaser, on the other hand, to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions:   (a) No Order issued by any
court of competent jurisdiction preventing the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in effect, nor shall any
material proceeding initiated by any Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction having valid enforcement authority seeking such an Order be
pending, nor shall there be any action taken, or any Law or Order enacted,
entered or enforced that has not been subsequently overturned or otherwise
made inapplicable to this Agreement, that makes the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal;   (b) The Bankruptcy
Court shall have entered an Order approving this Agreement, substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (it being agreed by the parties hereto
that the order attached as Exhibit B to the May 27 Motion shall be deemed to
be substantially in such form) (the "Approval Order"), and such Approval
Order shall have become a Final Order;   (c) Any waiting period (including
any extension thereof) applicable to the purchase and sale of the Equity
Interest to Purchaser under the HSR Act shall have terminated or expired and
an Order of the FCC approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall have been obtained;   (d) All Liens on the Equity Interest imposed in
connection with the DIP Agreement shall have been released; and   (e)
Sellers shall have obtained the consents and releases set forth on Schedule
7.1(e).   7.2 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Purchaser.
The obligation of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement is subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions (any or all of which may be waived
by Purchaser, in whole or in part, subject to Applicable Law):   (a) All of
the representations and warranties of Sellers contained herein shall be true
and correct on and as of the Closing Date, except those representations and
warranties of Sellers that speak of a certain date, which representations and
warranties shall have been true and correct as of such date; provided,
however, that this condition shall be deemed to have been satisfied so long
as any failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect or a Seller Material Adverse
Effect;   (b) Each of the Sellers shall have performed and complied
with their respective obligations and covenants required by this Agreement to
be performed or complied with by Sellers on or prior to the Closing Date, in
all material respects;   (c) None of the Transfer Group Companies or the
Northern Border Companies shall have filed a petition for relief under the
Bankruptcy Code or taken any other action specified in Section
6.2(b)(xii);   (d) There shall not have occurred and be continuing a
Capital Markets Event which results in the Purchaser not being able to
receive the Financing proceeds contemplated hereby in the aggregate amount at
least equal to such amount set forth in Section 5.6; and  (e) Purchaser
shall have been furnished with the documents referred to in Section 8.1,
including originally executed versions of this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents executed by all parties thereto other than Purchaser.  (f) The
consents, waivers, authorizations and approvals of Governmental Authorities
set forth on Schedule 7.2(f) shall have been duly obtained by final order,
shall be in full force and effect on the Closing Date and shall impose
no restrictions or conditions that are, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have either (i) a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect or (ii) a material adverse effect on Purchaser and Southern
Union Company, taken as a whole.   7.3 Conditions Precedent to Obligations
of Sellers. The obligations of Sellers to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, prior to or on
the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions (any or all of which
may be waived by Sellers, in whole or in part, subject to Applicable
Law):   (a) All of the representations and warranties of
Purchaser contained herein shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing
Date, except those representations and warranties of Purchaser that speak of
a certain date, which representations and warranties shall have been true and
correct as of such date; provided, however, that this condition shall be
deemed to have been satisfied so long as any failure of such representations
and warranties to be true and correct, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Purchaser Material Adverse
Effect;   (b) Purchaser shall have performed and complied with
all obligations and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date, in all material
respects;   (c) Sellers shall have been furnished with the
documents referred to in Section 8.2, including originally executed versions
of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents executed by all parties
thereto other than Sellers; and   (d) Enron shall have obtained all
consents, waivers or releases from ENARGAS with respect to Enron\'s interest
in TGS, that are necessary or desirable, in Enron\'s discretion, to effect
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   ARTICLE VIII  
DOCUMENTS TO BE DELIVERED   8.1 Documents to Be Delivered by Sellers. At the
Closing,  Sellers shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Purchaser the
following:    (a) membership certificates representing the Equity
Interest, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by transfer powers and with
all requisite transfer tax stamps attached and stock certificates or other
membership certificates representing ownership interests in the Transfer
Group Companies;   (b) a certified copy of the Approval Order;   (c)
written resignations or evidence of removal of each of the directors of the
Company;   (d) evidence of the release of all Liens imposed on the
Equity Interest in connection with the DIP Agreement;   (e) a certificate
of an officer of each Seller certifying that the closing conditions set forth
in Section 7.2(a) (with respect to Sellers\' representations and warranties)
and Section 7.2(b) (with respect to Sellers\' obligations and covenants) have
been satisfied;   (f) originally executed versions of this Agreement and
the Transaction Documents executed by all parties thereto other than
Purchaser; and   (g) amendments to the Transition Services Agreement (as
so amended, the "TSA") and the Transition Services Supplement Agreement (as
so amended, the "TSSA"), extending the terms thereof to six (6) months from
the Closing and consistent with the terms set forth on Schedule 8.1(g).  
8.2 Documents to Be Delivered by Purchaser. At the Closing, Purchaser shall
deliver to Sellers the following:    (a) evidence-of the wire transfer[s]
referred to in Section 2.3 hereof;   (b) a certificate of an officer of
Purchaser certifying that the closing conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a)
and Section 7.3(b) have been satisfied;   (c) originally executed versions
of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents executed by all parties
thereto other than Sellers; and   (d) originally executed versions of a
Transfer Group Company Guaranty executed by each Transfer Group Company
(other than any Citrus Group Company) in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Sellers.   ARTICLE IX   TAX, ERISA AND TGS MATTERS   9.1
Tax Sharing Agreements. Any Tax sharing agreement between any of the Sellers
and any Transfer Group Company and all obligations or liabilities arising
under any such agreements, shall be terminated immediately prior to the
Closing and shall have no further effect for any taxable year (whether the
current year, a future year, or a past year).   9.2 Preparation of Tax
Returns; Payment of Taxes.   (a) (i) Where required by Applicable Law,
Sellers shall include the Transfer Group Companies in, or cause the Transfer
Group Companies to be included in, and shall file or cause to be filed, (A)
the United States consolidated federal income Tax Returns of Enron for all
taxable periods of the Transfer Group Companies ending on or prior to the
Closing Date; and (B) where applicable, all other consolidated, combined or
unitary Tax Returns of, or which include, one or more of the Transfer Group
Companies for all taxable periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date.
Sellers shall remit (or cause to be remitted) all Taxes shown due with
respect to the Tax Returns referred to in clauses (A) and (B) of this Section
9.2(a)(i). Within 120 days after the Closing Date (or sooner if necessary to
enable Sellers to timely file a Tax Return), Purchaser shall cause each of
the Transfer Group Companies to prepare and provide to Sellers a package of
Tax information materials, including schedules and work papers (the "Tax
Package") required by Sellers to enable Sellers to prepare and file all Tax
Returns (which have not been filed on or before the Closing Date) required to
be prepared and filed by Sellers pursuant to this Section 9.2(a)(i).   (ii)
Sellers shall prepare and file, or cause to  be prepared and filed, all Tax
Returns of or which include any of  the Transfer Group Companies, other than
Tax Returns described in  Section 9.2(a)(i), that are required to be filed
(after giving  effect to any valid extension of time in which to make such
filing)  on or prior to the Closing Date. Sellers shall cause the Transfer 
Group Companies to pay all Taxes shown due on Tax Returns described  in this
Section 9.2(a)(ii).   (iii) Purchaser shall prepare and file, or cause  to
be prepared and filed, on behalf of the Transfer Group Companies  all other
Tax Returns of, or which include, the Transfer Group  Companies (other than
those Tax Returns described in Section  9.2(a)(i) and Section 9.2(a)(ii)
above). Purchaser, or the Transfer  Group Companies, shall remit (or cause to
be remitted) all Taxes  shown due on Tax Returns referred to in this Section
9.2(a)(iii).   (iv) To the extent applicable, Purchaser shall  prepare IRS
Forms 8023, 8594 and 8883 and any other similar forms  required to be filed
with a Taxing Authority in connection with the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (b) (i) All Tax Returns described in clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii) of Section 9.2(a) (including the Tax Package) for taxable periods
ending on or before or which include the Closing Date shall be prepared in a
manner consistent with past practice unless a past practice has been finally
determined to be incorrect by the applicable Taxing Authority or a contrary
treatment is required by applicable Tax Laws (or the judicial or
administrative interpretations thereof).   (ii) Purchaser will provide
Sellers with copies of  all Tax Returns described in clauses (iii) and (iv)
of Section  9.2(a) at least twenty (20) Business Days prior to the filing
date;  provided, however, that Purchaser shall have no obligation to 
furnish any Tax Returns referred to in Section 9.2(a)(iii) for which  Sellers
have no liability for Taxes pursuant to clause (i) or (ii)  of Section
9.10(a). Sellers shall be provided an opportunity to  review such returns and
all supporting workpapers, schedules and  information, and to propose
changes, not later than ten (10)  Business Days prior to the filing date of
such Tax Returns. The  failure of Sellers to propose any changes to any such
Tax Returns  prior to the expiration of such ten (10) Business Day period
shall  be deemed to be an indication of their approval thereof   (iii)
Sellers and Purchaser shall attempt in good  faith mutually to resolve any
disagreements regarding Tax Returns  described in Section 9.2(b)(ii) prior to
the due date for filing  thereof Any disagreements regarding such Tax Returns
which are not  resolved prior to the filing thereof shall be promptly
resolved  pursuant to Section 9.5.   (c) Allocating Taxable Income:   (i)
To the extent permitted by Applicable Law or  administrative practice of any
Taxing Authority, (A) the taxable  year of the Transfer Group Companies shall
close as of the close of  business on the Closing Date and (B) any
transactions (other than  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including a Section  338(h)(10) Election) involving any of the Transfer Group
Companies  that are not in the Ordinary Course of Business occurring on the 
Closing Date but after the Closing shall be reported on Purchaser\'s  Tax
Returns to the extent permitted by Applicable Law or on the  post-Closing
separate company returns of the applicable Transfer  Group Company (if the
applicable Transfer Group Company does not  file a Tax Return with
Purchaser), and shall be similarly reported  on all other Tax Returns of
Purchaser or its Affiliates to the  extent permitted. Sellers shall be
responsible for all Taxes shown  due on Tax Returns described in clause (A)
of this Section 9.2(c)  except to the extent such Tax is an Excluded Tax.
Purchaser shall be  responsible for all Taxes related to transactions
required to be  reported on Tax Returns described in clause (B) of this
Section  9.2(c) and for all Excluded Taxes. Sellers, Purchaser and the 
Transfer Group Companies shall not take any position inconsistent  with the
provisions contained in Section 9.2(c) on any Tax Return.   (ii) If
Applicable Law does not permit the  Transfer Group Companies to close their
taxable years as of the  close of business on the Closing Date, or where
Taxes are assessed  with respect to a taxable period which includes the
Closing Date but  does not end on that day (a "Straddle Period"), then Taxes,
if any,  attributable to the taxable period of the Transfer Group Companies 
beginning on or before and ending after the Closing Date shall be  allocated
(A) to Sellers for the period up to and including the  Closing Date, except
to the extent any such Taxes are Excluded Taxes  and (B) to Purchaser with
respect to all other Taxes attributable to  the Straddle Period. For purposes
of allocating Taxes attributable  to a Straddle Period of the Transfer Group
Companies, (x) real,  personal and intangible property Taxes and any other
Taxes levied on  a per diem basis ("Per Diem Taxes") shall be equal to the
amount of  such Per Diem Taxes for the entire Straddle Period multiplied by
a  fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the 
Straddle Period prior to and including the Closing Date and the  denominator
of which is the total number of days in the Straddle  Period, and (y) the
Taxes of the Transfer Group Companies (other  than Per Diem Taxes) for any
taxable period ending on or prior to  the Closing Date shall be computed as
if such taxable period ended  as of the close of business on the Closing
Date. Any allocation of  income or deductions required to determine any Taxes
attributable to  any Straddle Period shall be made by means of a closing of
the books  and records of the Transfer Group Companies as of the close of 
business on the Closing Date; provided, that exemptions, allowances  or
deductions that are calculated on an annual basis (including, but  not
limited to, depreciation and amortization deductions) shall be  allocated
between the period ending on the Closing Date and the  period after the
Closing Date in proportion to the number of days in  each such period.  
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if any Seller, on the
one hand, or Purchaser, on the other hand, is responsible for all or a
portion of the Taxes pursuant to Section 9.10 (after taking into account any
applicable Tax Baskets) with respect to a Tax Return (the "Paying
Party") that the other party is responsible for filing (or causing to be
filed) pursuant to Section 9.2(a) (the "Preparing Party"), the Paying Party
shall pay the amount of such Taxes for which the Paying Party is responsible
to the Preparing Party no later than five (5) days prior to the filing of the
underlying Tax Return. If a dispute arises (and is not resolved five (5) days
prior to the filing of the Tax Return) between the Preparing Party and the
Paying Party as to the Tax Return or the amount that the Paying Party owes to
the Preparing Party, the Paying Party shall pay to the Preparing Party the
amount that the Paying Party believes is owing to the Preparing Party, and
Sellers and Purchaser shall resolve their dispute in accordance with Section
9.5. Within five (5) days following resolution of the dispute, the
appropriate party shall pay to the other party any amount determined to be
due upon final resolution of the dispute.   (e) Purchaser and Sellers agree
to furnish or cause to be furnished to each other, and each at their own
expense, as promptly as practicable, such information (including access to
books and records) and assistance, including making employees available on a
mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanations
of any material provided, relating to the Transfer Group Companies as is
reasonably necessary for the filing of any Tax Returns, for the preparation
for any audit, and for the prosecution or defense in any Tax Proceeding
relating to any adjustment or proposed adjustment with respect to Taxes.
Purchaser shall retain in its possession or cause the Transfer Group
Companies to retain in their possession, and shall provide Sellers reasonable
access to (including the right to make copies of), such supporting books and
records and any other materials that Sellers may specify with respect to
matters relating to Taxes for any taxable period ending on or prior to or
which includes the Closing Date until the relevant statute of limitations has
expired. After such time, Purchaser may dispose of such material; provided,
that prior to such disposition Purchaser shall give Sellers a reasonable
opportunity to take possession of such materials.   (f) Neither Purchaser
nor any Affiliate or successor of Purchaser shall (or shall cause or permit
any of the Transfer Group Companies to) amend, refile or otherwise modify any
Tax Return relating in whole or in part to any Transfer Group Company with
respect to any taxable year or period ending on or before the Closing Date,
or which includes the Closing Date, without the prior written consent of
Sellers.   9.3 Certain Other Taxes. All transfer, documentary, sales, use,
stamp, registration and other such Taxes and fees (including any
penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement, if any,
shall be paid by Purchaser when due, and Purchaser shall file all necessary
Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to any such transfer,
documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other Taxes and fees, and,
if required by Applicable Law, Sellers will, and will cause their Affiliates
to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation and
will cooperate with Purchaser to take such commercially reasonable actions as
will minimize or reduce the amount of such Taxes.   9.4 Tax Audits.   (a)
Sellers shall have the sole right (but not the obligation) to represent the
interests of the Transfer Group Companies in any audit or administrative or
court proceeding (a "Tax Proceeding") relating to Taxes for taxable periods
of the Transfer Group Companies which end on or before the Closing Date and
to employ counsel of its choice at its expense, provided that Purchaser shall
have the right to jointly represent the interests of the Transfer Group
Companies with Sellers in any such Tax Proceeding to the extent that
Sellers\' indemnification obligations have terminated pursuant to
Section 9.10(d). Purchaser agrees that it will cooperate fully, and shall
cause the Transfer Group Companies to cooperate fully, with each Seller and
its counsel in the defense against or compromise of any claim in any said
proceeding.   (b) Sellers have the right, but not the obligation, to
jointly represent the interests of the Transfer Group Companies with the
Purchaser in any Tax Proceeding relating to Taxes for any Straddle Period of
the Transfer Group Companies. Any disputes regarding the conduct or
resolution of any such audit or proceeding shall be resolved pursuant to
Section 9.5.   (c) Purchaser shall have the sole right to represent
the interests of the Transfer Group Companies in all Tax Proceedings other
than Tax Proceedings described in clauses (a), (b) and (d) of this Section
9.4.   (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,   (i) Sellers
shall not be required to consult with  Purchaser or seek Purchaser\'s consent
to settle any Tax Proceeding  which relates to items reported on a Tax Return
of the type  described in Section 9.2(a)(i), and   (ii) Sellers shall use
commercially reasonable  efforts not to settle any Tax Proceeding which
relates to items  reported on a Tax Return of the type described in Section
9.2(a)(i)  in a manner that does not determine the tax liability of the 
Transfer Group Companies as corporations included in such Tax  Return, it
being the intention of the parties that any such  settlement not determine
the individual Tax liability of Enron  without also determining the Tax
liability of the Transfer Group  Companies.   (e) If any Taxing Authority
asserts a claim, makes an assessment or otherwise disputes or affects any
Taxes for which Sellers are responsible hereunder, Purchaser shall, promptly
upon receipt by Purchaser and/or the Transfer Group Companies of notice
thereof, inform Sellers thereof The failure of Purchaser or the Transfer
Group Companies to timely forward such notification in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence shall not relieve Sellers of their obligation
to pay such liability for Taxes except and to the extent that the failure to
timely forward such notification actually prejudices the ability of Sellers
to contest such liability for Taxes or increases the amount of such
Taxes.   9.5 Dispute Resolution. In the event that Sellers or
Purchaser dispute the application or interpretation of any provision of
Sections 9.2, 9.4 and 9.9 hereof, or the amount or calculation of Taxes, if
any, owed by such party thereunder, such party shall deliver to the other a
statement setting forth, in reasonable detail, the nature of and/or the
dollar amount of any disagreement so asserted. The parties shall attempt in
good faith to resolve such dispute within twenty (20) days following the
commencement of such dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve such
dispute within such twenty (20) day period, the dispute shall be resolved by
an Accounting Referee appointed in accordance with the procedures set forth
in Schedule 2.1. The Accounting Referee shall determine, only with respect to
the specific disagreements submitted in writing by Sellers and Purchaser, the
manner in which such item or items in dispute should be resolved; provided,
however, that the dollar amount of any such item or items shall be determined
within the range of dollar amounts proposed by Sellers, on the one hand, and
Purchaser, on the other hand. The Accounting Referee shall be directed to
make such determination promptly, but in no event later than thirty (30) days
after acceptance of its appointment. Any finding by the Accounting Referee
shall be a reasoned award stating the findings of fact and conclusions of law
(if any) on which it is based, shall be final and binding upon the parties
and shall be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding the
disputed items so presented. The fees and expenses of the Accounting Referee
shall be shared by Sellers and Purchaser (A) in proportion to each party\'s
respective liability for Taxes which are the subject of the dispute as
determined by the Accounting Referee or (B) in equal proportions if
the subject of the dispute involves Tax Returns for which no Taxes are
due, including Tax Returns described in Section 9.2(a)(iv). The parties
shall otherwise bear their own expenses incurred in any dispute resolution
pursuant to this Section 9.5.   9.6 Refunds and Tax Benefits. Any refunds
of Taxes (together with any interest with respect thereto) paid to or in
respect of the Transfer Group Companies (including any amounts credited
against income tax to which Purchaser, its Affiliates or any of the Transfer
Group Companies becomes entitled) and that relate to Tax periods or portions
thereof ending on or before the Closing Date shall be for the account of
Sellers. Purchaser shall pay over to Sellers any such refund or the amount of
any such credit (in each case, together with any interest with respect
thereto) within fifteen (15) days after receipt or entitlement thereto. Any
refunds or credits of Taxes (together with any interest with respect thereto)
of the Transfer Group Companies for any Straddle Period shall be equitably
apportioned between Sellers and Purchaser. Purchaser shall, if Sellers so
request and at Sellers\' expense, prepare, execute and file any claims for
refunds or credits, or cause the Transfer Group Companies to prepare, execute
and file any claims for refunds or credits, to which Sellers are entitled
under this Section 9.6. Purchaser shall permit Sellers to control the
prosecution of any such refund.   9.7 Certain Elections.  (a) After the
Closing Date, at Sellers\' request, Purchaser shall cause the Transfer Group
Companies to make and/or join with Sellers in making any election after the
Closing Date; provided, that the making of such election does not have an
adverse impact on Purchaser (or any of the Transfer Group Companies) for
any post-acquisition Tax period.  (b) To the extent permitted by Law,
Purchaser shall not permit the Transfer Group Companies to carry back any
loss, deduction or credit to any taxable period that ends on, prior to or
which includes the Closing Date.   9.8 FIRPTA. Each Seller shall furnish to
Purchaser on or before the Closing Date a certification of its non-foreign
status consistent with the requirements set forth in Section 1445 of the Code
and the Treasury Regulations.   9.9 Allocation of Purchase Price. As soon
as reasonably practicable following the Closing Date, Purchaser and Sellers
shall agree upon an allocation of the Purchase Price between the equity
interest of each of the applicable Transfer Group Companies and any of their
assets. If Purchaser and Sellers are unable to mutually agree on such
allocation within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the parties will
resolve any such disputes using the provisions of Section 9.5.   9.10 Tax
Indemnification.   (a) Sellers hereby agree to indemnify and hold
Purchaser Indemnified Parties harmless (without duplication) from and against
any and all Covered Taxes that (x) are imposed upon or assessed against the
Transfer Group Companies or the assets or the properties thereof and (y) are
not barred from recovery under the applicable statute of limitations. For
purposes of this Section 9.10(a), "Covered Taxes" shall mean (without
duplication):   (i) Taxes of Sellers or any Affiliate (other than a 
Transfer Group Company) with which Sellers or such Affiliate files a 
consolidated, combined or similar Tax Return imposed upon any of the 
Transfer Group Companies by reason of any of the Transfer Group  Companies
being severally liable for any Taxes of any other Person  pursuant to Section
1.1502-6(a) of the Treasury Regulations or any  analogous provisions of
state, local or foreign law;   (ii) Taxes for which a Transfer Group Company
is  liable with respect to all taxable periods ending on or prior to the 
Closing Date (including, without limitation, such Taxes imposed upon  such
Transfer Group Companies by reason of the Transfer Group  Companies being
severally liable for any Taxes of any other Person  pursuant to Section
1.1502-6(a) of the Treasury Regulations or any  analogous provisions of
state, local or foreign law or arising under  the principles of successor or
transferee liability);   (iii) Taxes of the Transfer Group Companies for
the  period allocated to Sellers pursuant to Section 9.2(c); and   (iv) any
Taxes relating to a Section 338(h)(10)  Election or the Conversion
Transactions;  provided, however, Covered Taxes shall not include (and, for
avoidance of doubt, Sellers shall not be liable for and shall not indemnify
or hold harmless Purchaser Indemnified Parties from or against) any Excluded
Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sellers shall not be required to
indemnify the Purchaser Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section 9.10(a)(ii)
or (iii) for (x) Taxes described in Section 9.10(a)(ii) or (iii) for which
any Transwestern Group Company is liable until such Taxes exceed an amount
equal to $5.7 million (the "TWG Tax Basket"), and then Sellers shall only be
required to indemnify Purchaser Indemnified Parties for any such Taxes in
excess of the TWG Tax Basket; (y) Taxes described in Section 9.10(a)(ii) or
(iii) for which any Citrus Group Company is liable until such Taxes exceed
$11.4 million (the "CGC Tax Basket"), and then Sellers shall only be required
to indemnify Purchaser Indemnified Parties for any such Taxes in excess of
the CGC Tax Basket; and (z) Taxes described in Section 9.10(a)(ii) or (iii)
for which any Northern Plains Group Company is liable until such Taxes exceed
$1.8 million (the "NP Tax Basket"), and then Sellers shall only be required
to indemnify Purchaser Indemnified Parties for any such Taxes in excess of
the NP Tax Basket.   (b) Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless Seller Indemnified Parties from and against (i) any and all Taxes of
the Transfer Group Companies with respect to any taxable period of the
Transfer Group Companies beginning after the Closing Date (including any
portion of such Taxes allocable to Purchaser pursuant to Section 9.2(c)) and
(ii) any and all Excluded Taxes.   (c) Without duplication, Sellers shall
indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser Indemnified Parties from and against
any and all Losses (i) incurred in connection with the Taxes for which
Sellers are responsible to indemnify Purchaser Indemnified Parties pursuant
to Section 9.10(a) or the enforcement of Section 9.10(a) and this Section
9.10(c) and/or (ii) incurred as a result of a breach by Sellers of any
covenant contained in this Article IX and/or (iii) incurred as a result of a
breach by Sellers of any representation or warranty in Section 4.14(g)(ii)
(determined without regard to whether such representation or warranty
survives the Closing) or any covenant in Section 6.16, provided that any
payments made pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 9.10(c) shall not
exceed, in the aggregate, $400,000,000. Without duplication. Purchaser shall
indemnify and hold harmless Seller Indemnified Parties from and against any
and all Losses (i) incurred in connection with the Taxes for which Purchaser
is responsible to indemnify Seller Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section
9.10(b) or the enforcement of Section 9.10(b) and this Section 9.10(c) and/or
(ii) incurred as a result of a breach by Purchaser of any of the covenants
contained in this Article IX.   (d) Notwithstanding anything contained
herein to the contrary, Sellers\' obligation to indemnify Purchaser
Indemnified Parties for any Taxes and Losses pursuant to this Section 9.10
shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the expiration of the applicable
statute of limitations with respect to the underlying Tax and (ii) the
closing of the Bankruptcy Cases.   9.11 Employee Benefits Indemnification.
Sellers hereby agree to indemnify and hold the Purchaser Indemnified Parties
harmless from and against any and all Losses that are imposed upon or
assessed against a Transfer Group Company or the assets thereof (i) arising
under Title IV of ERISA and relating to the Cash Balance Plan, the EFS
Pension Plan, the San Juan Gas Pension Plan, the Garden State Paper Pension
Plan, the Portland General Electric Company Pension Plan or any "employee
pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA sponsored
by Sellers or their ERISA Affiliates, (ii) due to "participating employer" or
"participating company" status in the Enron Corp. Savings Plan, the Enron
Corp. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, or the Cash Balance Plan or due to the
participation of the Transfer Group Company employees or former employees in
such plans (other than claims that, after the Closing Date, any Transfer
Group Company failed to make normal and customary contributions required
under the express terms of the foregoing plans, other than the Cash Balance
Plan); or (iii) relating to any group health or insurance plans sponsored or
maintained by Sellers or any ERISA Affiliate other than any Transfer Group
Company with respect to any termination of any such plans arising under
Section 4980B of the Code; provided, that such Losses are not barred
from recovery from any of the Transfer Group Companies under the relevant
statute of limitations; and provided, further, except with respect to the
Cash Balance Plan (as provided in Section 6.14(c)), that the indemnity set
forth in this Section 9.11 shall not affect the obligation of the Transfer
Group Companies to make payments pursuant to any Order of the Bankruptcy
Court, the Contribution Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement or any
other agreement, including without limitation, the agreement set forth in
Section 5.6(b) of the Contribution Agreement, between any of Sellers, on one
hand, and the Transfer Group Companies, on the other hand, relating to the
allocation of costs of providing employee benefits to the employees of the
Transfer Group Companies.   9.12 TGS-Related Indemnification. Purchaser
shall provide Sellers with prompt written notice (the "Communication Notice")
of any actual receipt of written communication by, or any oral communication
to, Purchaser, Transwestern or any other Transfer Group Companies from TGS,
Enron Pipeline Company-Argentina, S.A. ("EPCA"), any direct or indirect
stakeholder in TGS if such communication is in relation to TGS, or the
Argentine government with respect to TGS. Regardless of whether Sellers have
received a Communication Notice, Sellers shall have the right to request in
writing (a "Performance Notice") that Purchaser cause Transwestern to perform
services or take actions with respect to TGS or EPCA relating to or
associated with (a) any correspondence prior to the date of this Agreement
between Transwestern and ENARGAS, including the letters dated as of (i)
November 3, 1992, November 4, 1992 and November 9, 1992 from Transwestern to
the Privatization Committee of Gas del Estado; (ii) November 4, 1992 from
Enron, EPCA and Transwestern to the Privatization Committee of Gas del
Estado; (iii) November 4, 1992 from EPCA, Transwestern, Perez Companc and
Citicorp Equity Investments S.A. to the Privatization Committee of Gas del
Estado; and (iv) July 4, 1994, from EPCA and Transwestern to ENARGAS (such
letters, together with the letter set forth in clause (a) above, the "TGS
Letters"). Purchaser shall cause Transwestern to perform such services or
take such actions promptly upon the receipt of such Performance Notice, and
shall cause Transwestern to perform in a reasonably prudent manner and in
accordance with natural gas pipeline industry standards in the United States
(the "Performance Standard"). Sellers hereby agree to indemnify and hold
Purchaser and the CrossCountry Indemnified Parties (as defined in the
Contribution Agreement) harmless from and against (x) any and all Losses
arising from a third party claim against Purchaser or any
CrossCountry Indemnified Party or the assets thereof arising as a result of
or relating to Sellers\' direct or indirect investment or ownership interest
in TGS, including as a result of a breach by Enron or any of its Affiliates
of any TGS Letter or any TGS Agreement to which Enron or any such Affiliate
is bound, but not to the extent such claim arises from any action or inaction
by Transwestern, except as provided in clause (y) of this sentence, and (y)
if Transwestern has performed the services and actions requested by a
Performance Notice in accordance with the Performance Standard, (A) the
reasonable expenses of Transwestern for such performance, upon the receipt by
Sellers of a reasonably detailed invoice and reasonably supported
documentation from Purchaser relating to such performance and (B) any and all
Losses arising from a third party claim against Purchaser or any CrossCountry
Indemnified Party or the assets thereof relating to such performance;
provided, however, that Sellers shall have no obligation to indemnify
pursuant to this Section 9.12 for any Losses relating to or arising from
circumstances in which Purchaser fails to provide Sellers with
a Communication Notice pertaining to such circumstances when required to do
so. Purchaser shall indemnify and hold the Seller Indemnified Parties
harmless from and against any and all Losses incurred by a Seller Indemnified
Party or assessed against the assets thereof arising as a result of (w) the
failure of Purchaser to provide Sellers with a Communication Notice when
required to do so, (x) Transwestern\'s refusal or failure to perform services
or actions set forth in a Performance Notice promptly following receipt of
such Performance Notice, (y) performance pursuant to any Performance Notice
which is not in accordance with the Performance Standard or (z)
Transwestern\'s election to perform services or take any action in the
absence of a Performance Notice or to perform services or take actions in
addition to those specified in any Performance Notice.   9.13 Amendment to
the Contribution Agreement. On or immediately prior to the Closing Date,
Sellers shall amend the Contribution Agreement to delete Sections 8.2, 8.3
and 8.4 and any other existing provisions in the Contribution Agreement
relating to any obligation of Sellers to indemnify any of the Transfer Group
Companies for Losses related to Taxes, employee benefits or TGS (it being
agreed that indemnification for all such matters relating to the Transfer
Group Companies shall be governed solely by this Article IX).   9.14
Coordination of Provisions. In the case of any inconsistency between Articles
IX and X, Article IX shall control with respect to Tax, employee benefits and
TGS matters; provided, that Sections 10.2(b), 10.2(c), 10.2(f), 10.2(g),
10.2(h), 10.2(i), 10.2(j), 10.3(b), 10.3(c), 10.3(f), 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6
shall apply to Article IX; provided, further, that, with respect to any Tax
matters, in the case of any conflict between Sections 9.4 or 9.5 on the one
hand and Section 10.4 on the other hand, Sections 9.4 and 9.5 shall
control.   9.15 Citrus Group Companies. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, for purposes of allocating responsibility for Taxes
and determining rights to Tax refunds or credits relating to any Citrus
Group Company (collectively referred to as "Pro Rata Tax Payments") pursuant
to this Article IX, the parties hereto shall be responsible for paying only
the portion of any such Pro Rata Tax Payment equal to the product of (A)
fifty percent (50%) and (B) the amount of such Pro Rata Tax Payment.  
ARTICLE X   INDEMNIFICATION   10.1 Survival of Representations,
Warranties, Covenants and Agreements. Subject to the limitations and other
provisions of this Agreement:   (a) The representations and warranties of
Sellers and Purchaser contained in this Agreement, and the covenants and
agreements of Sellers and Purchaser contained in this Agreement which by
their terms are required to be performed on or before the Closing (the "Pre-
Closing Covenants"), shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force
and effect until the later of (i) June 30, 2005 and (ii) the date that is six
(6) months after the Closing Date; provided, however, that the
representations and warranties contained in Section 4.14 shall not survive
the Closing (it being agreed that all indemnification for Tax matters shall
be governed solely by Article IX, except to the extent otherwise provided in
Section 9.14).   (b) Each covenant and agreement of Sellers and
Purchaser contained in this Agreement which by its terms requires performance
after the Closing Date (a "Post-Closing Covenant") shall survive the Closing
and shall remain in full force and effect until such covenant or agreement is
fully performed.   10.2 Seller Indemnification.   (a) Subject to the
provisions of this Article X, and except as otherwise provided in Article IX,
from and after the Closing Date, Sellers agree, severally and not jointly,
and in the case of Enron severally and jointly, to indemnify the Purchaser
Indemnified Parties against and hold them harmless from any and all Losses
actually suffered or incurred by them arising out of the following:   (i)
the breach of any representation or warranty of  Sellers contained in this
Agreement; provided, however, that in  determining whether Sellers are liable
pursuant to this Section  10.2(a)(i) for any breach of any representation or
warranty  contained in Section 4.7 of this Agreement, the qualification of
any  such representation or warranty by reference to materiality,  including
any reference to the qualification "Seller Material  Adverse Effect" or
"Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect" shall be  disregarded and the
determination of whether any such representation  or warranty has been
breached shall be made without regard to any  such qualification or whether
such breach is material or constitutes  a Seller Material Averse Effect or
Transfer Group Material Adverse  Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the purposes of this  Section 10.2(a)(i), no representation or warranty in
Section 4.7  containing a qualification by reference to materiality,
including  any reference to "Seller Material Adverse Effect" or "Transfer
Group  Material Adverse Effect," shall be considered to have been breached 
unless the Losses to the Purchaser Indemnified Parties resulting  from such
breach exceed $7,500,000 (the "Individual Basket Amount")  per individual
breach (or series of related breaches arising out of  the same event) of such
representation or warranty; provided that,  once such Losses for such
individual breach (or series of related  breaches arising out of the same
event) of such representation or  warranty equal or exceed the Individual
Basket Amount, subject to  the other limitations in this Article X
(including, without  limitation, satisfaction of the Basket Amount set forth
in Section  10.2(d)), Sellers shall be liable to the Purchaser Indemnified 
Parties for the entire amount of such Losses in excess of the Basket  Amount
(for the avoidance of doubt, each individual breach, or  series of related
breaches arising out of the same event, of a  representation or warranty
shall be separately applied towards the  Individual Basket Amount and such
individual breaches, or series of  related breaches arising out of the same
event, shall not be  aggregated with other breaches for purposes of
determining whether  the Individual Basket Amount has been reached);   (ii)
the breach of any Pre-Closing Covenant by Sellers; or   (iii) the breach of
any Post-Closing Covenant by Sellers;   (b) Sellers shall not be required
to indemnify any Purchaser Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10.2 or
Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12 to the extent otherwise indemnifiable Losses or
claims pursuant to this Section 10.2 or Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12 (i)
resulted from fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of
Purchaser or (ii) have resulted in a reduction in the Purchase Price pursuant
to the purchase price adjustment provisions in this Agreement.   (c) No
claim may be asserted nor may any action be commenced against Sellers
pursuant to this Section 10.2(a) or Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12 for breach of
any representation or warranty, Pre-Closing Covenant or Post-Closing Covenant
or a claim pursuant to Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12, unless written notice of
such claim or action (satisfying the requirements of Section 10.4) is
received by Sellers on or prior to the date on which the representation or
warranty, Pre-Closing Covenant or Post-Closing Covenant on which such
claim or action, or claim pursuant to Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12, is based
ceases to survive as set forth in, as applicable, Sections 9.10, 9.11, 9.12
or 10.1.   (d) No claim may be made against Sellers for
indemnification pursuant to Sections 10.2(a)(i) and 10.2(a)(ii) unless the
aggregate amount of all Losses of the Purchaser Indemnified Parties upon
which valid claims are based pursuant to such sections shall exceed an amount
equal to $15,000,000 (the "Basket Amount"), and then Sellers shall only be
responsible for indemnification of Losses in excess of the Basket Amount.  
(e) The amounts paid by all Sellers for indemnification of Losses under this
Agreement pursuant to Sections 10.2(a)(i) and 10.2(a)(ii) shall be limited
to, in the aggregate, an amount equal to $50,000,000 (the "Indemnification
Cap"), with each Seller limited to an amount equal to the product of its
Percentage Interest multiplied by the Indemnification Cap.   (f) With
respect to any successful claims for indemnification by the Purchaser
Indemnified Parties under this Agreement, each Seller shall only be liable
for and obligated to pay an amount equal to the product of its Percentage
Interest multiplied by the amount of Losses (including Taxes) for which
Sellers are obligated to pay to the Purchaser Indemnified
Parties hereunder,   (g) No claim may be asserted nor may any action be
commenced against Sellers pursuant to this Section 10.2 or Sections 9.10,
9.11 or 9.12 for breach of any representation or warranty, Pre-Closing
Covenant or Post-Closing Covenant or claim pursuant to Sections 9.10, 9.11 or
9.12 to the extent that (i) Purchaser had a reasonable opportunity, but
failed, in good faith to mitigate the Loss including, but not limited to, the
failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to recover under a policy of
insurance or under a contractual right of set-off or indemnity, or (ii) such
Loss arises from or was caused by actions taken or failed to be taken by
Purchaser or any of its Affiliates after the Closing.   (h) All claims for
indemnification made by Purchaser in accordance with this Section 10.2 or
Sections 9.10, 9.11 or 9.12 shall, to the extent due and payable, be treated
as an allowed administrative expense claim (to the extent agreed upon or
ordered by the Bankruptcy Court on a final non-appealable basis) under
section 503(b)(1)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code against the applicable
Sellers.   (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or
in any Transaction Document, (1) Sellers shall have no obligation
or liability under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents for any
Losses (including Taxes) incurred by Purchaser or its Affiliates that have
been or will be indemnified by Sellers under the Contribution Agreement, and
(2) the amounts paid by all Sellers for indemnification under this Agreement,
the Citrus Trading Gas Contract Indemnification Agreement, the Transaction
Documents and the Contribution Agreement shall in no event exceed, in the
aggregate, the Purchase Price, with each Seller limited to an amount equal to
the product of its Percentage Interest multiplied by the Purchase Price.  
(j) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Purchaser
Indemnified Party shall only be entitled to indemnification pursuant to
Article IX or this Article X for that percentage of a Loss (including
Taxes) suffered by a Citrus Group Company or Northern Border Company to the
extent of Sellers\' indirect equity interest percentage as of the Closing
Date in such Citrus Group Company or Northern Border Company.   10.3
Purchaser Indemnification.   (a) Subject to the provisions of this Article
X, and except as otherwise provided in Article IX, Purchaser agrees from and
after the Closing Date to indemnify the Seller Indemnified Parties against
and hold them harmless from any and all Losses actually suffered or incurred
by them arising out of:   (i) the breach of any representation or warranty
of Purchaser contained in this Agreement;   (ii) the breach of any Pre-
Closing Covenant by Purchaser; or   (iii) the breach of any Post-Closing
Covenant by Purchaser.   (b) Purchaser shall not be required to indemnify
any Seller Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 10.3 or Sections 9.10
or 9.12 to the extent any such Losses or claims pursuant to Sections 9.10 or
9.12 resulted from fraud, gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct
of Sellers.   (c) No claim may be asserted nor may any action be
commenced against Purchaser pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of Section 10.3(a)
or Sections 9.10 or 9.12 for breach of any representation or warranty, Pre-
Closing Covenant or Post-Closing Covenant or claim pursuant to Sections 9.10
or 9.12, unless written notice of such claim or action (satisfying the
requirements of Section 10.4) is received by Purchaser on or prior to the
date on which the representation or warranty, Pre-Closing Covenant or Post-
Closing Covenant on which such claim or action, or claims pursuant to
Sections 9.10 or 9.12, is based ceases to survive as set forth in, as
applicable, Sections 9.10, 9.12 or 10.1.   (d) No claim may be made against
Purchaser for indemnification pursuant to Sections 10.3(a)(i) and 10.3(a)(ii)
(except with respect to indemnification for breaches of Sections 6.1 and
6.16) unless the aggregate amount of all Losses of the Seller Indemnified
Parties upon which valid claims are based pursuant to such sections shall
exceed an amount equal to the Basket Amount, and then Purchaser shall only be
responsible for indemnification of Losses in excess of the Basket Amount.  
(e) The amounts paid by Purchaser for indemnification of Losses under this
Agreement pursuant to Sections 10.3(a)(i) and l0.3(a)(ii) (except with
respect to indemnification for breaches of Sections 6.1 and 6.16) shall be
limited to, in the aggregate, an amount equal to the Indemnification Cap.  
(f) The amounts paid by Purchaser for indemnification of Losses under this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed, in the
aggregate, the Purchase Price.   10.4 Procedures.   (a) A Purchaser
Indemnified Party or a Seller Indemnified Party, as the case may be (for
purposes of this Section 10.4, an "Indemnified Party"), shall give the
indemnifying party under Sections 9.10, 9.11, 9.12, 10.2 or 10.3, as
applicable (for purposes of this Section 10.4, an "Indemnifying Party"),
prompt written notice of any matter which it has in good faith determined has
given rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement (the "Indemnity
Notice"), stating the amount of the Loss, if known, and method of computation
thereof, if practicable, and containing a reference to the provisions of this
Agreement in respect of which such right of indemnification is claimed or
arises; provided that the Indemnified Party\'s failure to provide timely
notice as provided herein shall not reduce the indemnification obligations of
the Indemnifying Party except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is
materially harmed by such failure to provide notice. If an Indemnifying Party
notifies an Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that it disputes its
liability with respect to the claim described in the Indemnity Notice,
an Indemnifying Party and an Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith
to negotiate a resolution of such dispute, and if not resolved through
negotiations within the Resolution Period, such dispute shall be resolved in
accordance with the provisions of Section 12.5.   (b) An Indemnified Party
shall also give prompt written notice of any pending claim or demand by a
third party (the "Third Party Claim Notice") to the Indemnifying Party that
the Indemnified Party has in good faith determined will likely give rise to a
right of indemnification under this Agreement (a "Third Party Claim"),
describing in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances with respect to
the subject matter of such claim or demand. If an Indemnified Party fails to
provide the Third Party Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after an
Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, an Indemnifying
Party shall still be obligated to indemnify an Indemnified Party with respect
to such Third Party Claim, except to the extent that an Indemnifying Party\'s
ability to defend the relevant claim has been materially prejudiced by such
failure of an Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right,
at its sole option and expense, to be represented by counsel of its choice
and to defend against, negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with any Third
Party Claim which relates to any Losses indemnified against hereunder. If the
Indemnifying Party elects to defend against, negotiate, settle or
otherwise deal with any Third Party Claim which relates to any Losses
indemnified against hereunder, it shall within the Dispute Period, or if
there is a dispute, then within the Resolution Period, notify the Indemnified
Party of its intent to do so. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to defend
against, negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with any Third Party Claim which
relates to any Losses indemnified against hereunder, the Indemnified Party
may defend against, negotiate, settle or otherwise deal with such Third Party
Claim. If the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense of any Third Party
Claim, the Indemnified Party may participate in, at his or its own expense,
but not control, the defense of such Third Party Claim; provided, however,
that such Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in any such
defense with separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party if (i)
so requested by the Indemnifying Party to participate or (ii) in the
reasonable opinion of counsel to the Indemnified Party, a conflict or
potential conflict exists between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Party that would make such separate representation advisable; provided,
further, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be required to pay for more
than one such counsel for all Indemnified Parties in connection with any
Third Party Claim. The parties hereto agree to cooperate fully with each
other in connection with the defense, negotiation or settlement of any such
Third Party Claim. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.4 to the
contrary, neither the Indemnifying Party nor the Indemnified Party shall,
without the written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, settle or compromise any Third
Party Claim or permit a default judgment or consent to entry of any judgment
unless the claimant and such party provide to such other party an unqualified
release from all liability in respect of the Third Party Claim.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a settlement offer solely for money damages
is made by the applicable third party claimant, and the Indemnifying Party
notifies the Indemnified Party in writing of the Indemnifying
Party\'s willingness to accept the settlement offer and, subject to the
applicable limitations of Sections 9.10, 9.11, 9.12, 10.2 and 10.3, pay the
amount called for by such offer, and the Indemnified Party declines to accept
such offer, the Indemnified Party may, at its own expense, continue to
contest such Third Party Claim, free of any participation by the Indemnifying
Party, and the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to such Third
Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party has an obligation to pay hereunder
shall, subject to the Indemnification Cap and other limits set forth in
Sections 9.10, 9.11, 9.12, 10.2 and 10.3, be limited to the lesser of (A) the
amount of the settlement offer that the Indemnified Party declined to accept
or (B) the aggregate Losses of the Indemnified Party with respect to such
Third Party Claim, subject, in each case, to the limitations set forth in
Sections 9.10, 9.11, 9.12, 10.2 and 10.3. If the Indemnifying Party makes any
payment on any Third Party Claim or other claim hereunder, the Indemnifying
Party shall be subrogated, to the extent of such payment, to all rights and
remedies of the Indemnified Party to any insurance benefits or other claims
of the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim or other
claim hereunder.   (c) After any final decision, judgment or award shall
have been rendered in accordance with Section 12.5 and the expiration of the
time in which to appeal therefrom, or a settlement shall have been
consummated, or the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall have
arrived at a mutually binding agreement with respect to a Third Party Claim
or other claim hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall forward to the
Indemnifying Party notice of any sums due and owing by the Indemnifying Party
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such matter.   10.5 Tax
Treatment of Indemnity Payments. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law,
Sellers and Purchaser agree to treat any indemnity payment made pursuant to
Article IX or this Article X as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for
federal, state, local and foreign income Tax purposes.   10.6 Remedies. From
and after the Closing, the provisions of Article IX, this Article X and
Sections 6.1, 6.6 and 6.16 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of each
party hereto for any breach of the other party\'s representations or
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, including
any breach of the other party\'s Pre-Closing Covenants or Post-Closing
Covenants.   ARTICLE XI   DEFINITIONS   11.1 Certain Definitions. For
purposes of this Agreement,  the following terms shall have the meanings
specified in this Section 11.1:   "Accounting Referee" shall have the
meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Action" means any action, suit,
arbitration, claim, inquiry, proceeding or investigation by or before any
Governmental Authority of any nature, civil, criminal, regulatory or
otherwise, in law or in equity.   "Actual Conversion Tax Liability" means
the aggregate amount of liability for Taxes of the Sellers and their
Affiliates for the taxable years which (i) end on or include the date of the
Conversion Transactions (the "Conversion Year"), (ii) end on or include the
Closing Date (the "Closing Year") and (iii) succeed the Conversion Year and
precede the Closing Year.   "Additional Deposit Amount" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Additional Letters of Credit" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Affiliate" (and, with a
correlative meaning "affiliated") means, with respect to any Person, any
direct or indirect subsidiary of such Person, and any other Person that
directly, or through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by
or is under common control with such first Person. As used in this
definition, "control" (including with correlative meanings, "controlled by"
and "under common control with") means possession, directly or indirectly, of
power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether
through ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests,
by Contract or otherwise).   "Affiliate Contracts" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.11(b).   "Agreement" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereto.   "Alternative Transaction" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b).   "Applicable Law" means, with respect
to any Person, any Law applicable to such Person or its business, properties
or assets.    "Approval Order" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.1(b).   "Auburndale Settlement Agreement" means the
Settlement Agreement described in Item 5 of Schedule 4.8(a).   "Auction"
means the auction for the sale of the Equity Interest, the equity interests
of any of the Transfer Group Companies or all or substantially all of the
assets of Transwestern, as contemplated by the Bidding Procedures Order.  
"Auction Termination Date" shall mean the earlier of (i) the date of the
entry of the Approval Order and (ii) the date which is eighty (80) days after
the entry of the Bidding Procedures Order.   "Balance Sheet Date" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).   "Balance Sheets" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).   "Bankruptcy Cases" means the chapter
11 cases commenced by Enron and certain of its direct and indirect
subsidiaries, including EOS and ETS, on or after December 2, 2001 (including
any case commenced after the date of this Agreement), jointly administered
under Case No. 01-16034-(AJG).   "Bankruptcy Code" means title 11 of the
United States Code, as amended.   "Bankruptcy Court" means the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York or any other
court having jurisdiction over the Bankruptcy Cases from time to time.  
"Basket Amount" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.2(d).  
"Beginning Working Capital" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule
2.1.   "Benefit Arrangement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
4.13(b).   "Bidding Procedures Motion" means the motion to be filed by the
applicable Sellers with the Bankruptcy Court seeking, among other things,
to obtain approval of the Bidding Procedures Order.   "Bidding Procedures
Order" means an Order of the Bankruptcy Court, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A.   "Business Day" means a day other than a
Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are
authorized or required by Law to close. Any event the scheduled occurrence of
which would fall on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deferred until
the next succeeding Business Day.   "Capital Markets Event" means a
material disruption in the markets for debt financing (which will be deemed
to exist only if substantially all successful lending, underwriting,
placement or syndication activity with respect to such debt financing has
ceased or been suspended).   "Capital Stock Agreement" means the Capital
Stock Agreement, dated as of June 30, 1986, among Sonat, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, Internorth, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Houston Natural Gas
Corporation, a Texas corporation, and Citrus, as amended by that certain
letter agreement, dated as of April 3, 2000, among Enron, El Paso Corporation
and Citrus, as modified by the Order of the Bankruptcy Court, dated December
1, 2003, approving the assignment and assumption of the Capital Stock
Agreement to the Company.   "Cash Balance Plan" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.13(h).   "CES" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.   "CGC Tax Basket" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.10(a).   "Citrus" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.   "Citrus Group Companies" means Citrus, Citrus Energy
Services, Inc., Citrus Trading, Florida Gas and each of their respective
subsidiaries.   "Citrus Trading" means Citrus Trading Corp.   "Citrus
Trading Contribution Amount" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule
2.1.   "Citrus Trading Gas Contracts" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.15(a).   "Claim" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.   "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1.   "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1.   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   "Commitment Letters" means, collectively, the
commitment letters referred to in paragraphs (a)-(d) of Section 5.6.  
"Communication Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.12.  
"Communications Act" means the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Company" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "Confidentiality Agreements"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.6(a).   "Contract" means any
written contract, indenture, note, bond, loan, instrument, lease, commitment
or other agreement.   "Contribution Agreement" means the Amended and
Restated Contribution and Separation Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004,
among Sellers, the Company, CrossCountry Citrus Corp. and CrossCountry Energy
Corp.   "Conversion Transactions" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.16(a)(i).   "Covered Taxes" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 9.10(a).   "Creditors\' Committee" means the official committee
of unsecured creditors of Enron Corp. et al. appointed in connection with
the Bankruptcy Cases.   "Current Assets" shall have the meaning set forth
in Annex A to Schedule 2.1.   "Current Liabilities" shall have the meaning
set forth in Annex A to Schedule 2.1.   "Deposit Amount" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Deposit Escrow Agent" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "Deposit Escrow Agreement" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "DIP Agreement" means the
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of
July 10, 2002, among Enron, as Borrower, the subsidiaries of the Borrower
party thereto, as Guarantors, the DIP Lenders party thereto, Citicorp USA,
Inc., as Paying Agent and Co-Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase, as
Collateral Agent and Co-Administrative Agent, as amended.   "Disclosure
Statement" means the Disclosure Statement for the Plan, including all
exhibits, supplements, appendices and schedules thereto, as approved by the
Bankruptcy Court pursuant to an order entered under Section 1125 of the
Bankruptcy Code.   "Dispute Period" shall mean the period ending twenty (20)
days following receipt by an Indemnifying Party of either a Third Party Claim
Notice or an Indemnity Notice.   "Disputed Item" shall have the meaning set
forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Distribution" shall mean a distribution of the
Equity Interest (or a transaction that has a similar effect) pursuant to the
Plan.   "DOJ" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3(b).   "Duke
Litigation" means Citrus Trading Corp. v. Duke Energy LNG Sales, Inc., Civil
Action No. H-03-4869, in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Texas, Houston Division.   "Employee Benefit Plans" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(a).   "ENA Litigation" means any
litigation initiated by Citrus Trading against Enron North America Corp.
arising out of Enron North America Corp.\'s performance or failure to perform
as contract operator of Citrus Trading or by Citrus against Enron arising out
of Enron\'s performance or failure to perform as contract operator of
Citrus.   "ENARGAS" means the Ente Nacional Regulador de Gas, a regulatory
agency of the Argentine government.   "Enron" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereto.   "Environmental Law" means all Applicable
Laws in effect on the date of this Agreement relating to the
environment,natural resources or the protection thereof, including but not
limited to any applicable provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.9601 et seq., the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.ss.5101 et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C.ss.6901 et seq., the Clean
Water Act, 33 U.S.C.ss.1251 et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C.ss. 7401 et
seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C.ss. 2601 et seq., the
Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C.ss.136 et seq.,
and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C.ss.2701 et seq., and the
regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and all analogous state or local
statutes.   "EOC" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.   "EOS" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.  
"EPCA" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.12.   "Equity Interest"
shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "ERISA" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13(a).   "ERISA Affiliate" means,
with respect to any entity, any trades or businesses (whether or not
incorporated) that are under control of, or that are treated as a single
employer with, such entity under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code
or Sections 400l(a)(14)(A) or (B) of ERISA.   "Estimated Closing Statement"
shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Estimated Purchase
Price Adjustment" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.  
"Estimated Working Capital" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule
2.1.   "ETS" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.  
"Excess Conversion Tax Liability" means the excess, if any, of the Actual
Conversion Tax Liability minus the Hypothetical Non-Conversion
Tax Liability.   "Exchange Act" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.6(b).   "Excluded Taxes" means (i) any liability for Taxes
resulting from transactions or actions (other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including a Section 338(h)(10) Election) out
of the ordinary course of business taken by Purchaser or any Affiliate
(including the Transfer Group Companies) or any transferee of Purchaser or
any of its Affiliates on the Closing Date but after the Closing; (ii) any
interest or penalties attributable to the untimely filing of a Tax Return
described in Section 9.2(a)(iii); (iii) any liability for Taxes that are
taken into account in determining the Final Purchase Price Adjustment in
accordance with Schedule 2.1; and (iv) any liability for Taxes described in
Section 9.3.   "FCC" means the Federal Communications Commission.   "FERC"
means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.   "Final Citrus Trading
Capital Contribution Amount" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule
2.1.   "Final Closing Statement" shall have the meaning set forth
on Schedule 2.1.   "Final Northern Capital Contribution Amount" shall have
the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Final Order" means that the
Approval Order has been entered by the Bankruptcy Court and that the time to
appeal or petition for certiorari or to move for modification or rehearing
has expired and no timely appeal or petition for certiorari or motion for
modification or rehearing shall then be pending, or if a timely appeal or
writ of certiorari or motion for modification or rehearing thereof has been
sought, that the Approval Order shall have been affirmed by the highest court
to which such Approval Order was appealed, or certiorari shall have been
denied or reargument or rehearing on remand shall have been denied or
resulted in no material modification of such Approval Order, and the time to
take any further appeal, petition for certiorari, or move for modification of
such Approval Order, or move for reargument or rehearing shall have expired;
provided, however that the possibility that a motion under Rule 60 of the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, or any analogous rule under the Bankruptcy
Rules or other rules governing procedure in cases before the Bankruptcy Court
may be filed with respect to such Approval Order shall not cause such
Approval Order not to be final.   "Final Purchase Price Adjustment" shall
have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Final Working Capital" shall
have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Financial Statements" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(a).   "Financing" means the
equity and debt financing for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
to be obtained by Purchaser as described in the Commitment Letters.  
"Financing Sources" means, collectively , Southern Union Company, Southern
Union Panhandle LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank,JPMorgan Securities, Inc., Merrill
Lynch Capital Corp. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Inc. and
General Electric Capital Corporation.   "Florida Gas" means Florida Gas
Transmission Company.    "FTC" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.3(b).   "General Electric Capital Corporation" means General
Electric Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation.    "GAAP" means
United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect during
the time period of the relevant financial statement.   "Governmental
Authority" means any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to United States
federal, state or local government, including any governmental authority,
agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality or any political
subdivision thereof, and any tribunal, court or arbitrator(s) of competent
jurisdiction, and shall include the Bankruptcy Court.   "Guaranteed
Indebtedness" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.   "HSR Act"
means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "Hypothetical Non-
Conversion Tax Liability" means the sum of the hypothetical federal, state
local and foreign Taxes of Sellers and their Affiliates calculated in the
same manner and with respect to the same taxable years as the Actual
Conversion Tax Liability; provided that for purposes of this calculation, it
shall be presumed that (i) the Conversion Transactions were not effected, and
(ii) a valid Section 338(h)(10) Election was made for each of the H-b
Companies in respect of the sale pursuant to Article I hereof.   "H-10
Companies" means each of CrossCountry Citrus Corp., Transwestern Holding
Company, Inc., Transwestern, Northern Plains, Pan Border Gas Company and NBP
Services.   "Indemnification Cap" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.2(f).   "Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.4(a).   "Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.4(a).   "Indemnity Notice" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.4(a).   "Individual Basket Amount" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 10.2(a).   "Initial Letters of Credit" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).   "IRS" means the United States
Internal Revenue Service.  ---   "Law" means any federal, state or local
law (including common law), statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation or
other requirement enacted, promulgated, issued or entered by a Governmental
Authority.   "Leased Real Property" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.9(b).   "Letters of Credit" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.2(a).   "Lien" means any lien, pledge, mortgage, deed of
trust, security interest, claim, lease, charge, option, right of first
refusal, easement, servitude, transfer restriction under any shareholder or
similar agreement or encumbrance.   "Losses" means any and all liabilities,
losses, damages, claims, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\', accountants\' or other fees and
expenses incurred in defending any Action or in investigating any of the same
or in asserting any rights hereunder) actually suffered or incurred by a
Person, but not including consequential, exemplary, special and punitive
damages and lost profits.   "Material Contracts" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.11(a).   "May 27 Motion" means the Motion Pursuant To
Sections 105 And 363 Of The Bankruptcy Code And Rules 2002, 6004, 9013 And
9014 Of The Federal Rules Of Bankruptcy Procedure For An Order Authorizing
And Approving (A) The Entry Into And The Terms And Conditions Of A Purchase
And Sale Agreement By And Among Enron Corp., Enron Operations Services, LLC,
Enron Transportation Services, LLC And EOC Preferred, L.L.C. And NuCoastal,
LLC For The Sale Of All Of The Issued And Outstanding Membership Interests Of
CrossCountry Energy, LLC Free And Clear Of All Liens And Claims And (B) The
Consummation Of The Transactions Contemplated Therein (docket no. 18715)
filed on May 27, 2004 in the Bankruptcy Cases.   "Modifying Order" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g).   "NBI" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.5(d).   "NBP Services" shall have the meaning
set forth in the recitals hereto.   "Northern Border" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.5(d).   "Northern Border Companies" means
Northern Border, NBI, Northern Border Pipeline Company, a Texas general
partnership, Crestone Energy Ventures, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company, Bear Paw Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
Bear Paw Energy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Border Midwestern
Company, a Delaware corporation, Midwestern Gas Transmission Company, a
Delaware corporation, Border Viking Company, a Delaware corporation, and
Viking Gas Transmission Company, a Delaware corporation.   "Northern Border
Distribution" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.11.   "Northern
Border Partnership Agreement" means the Amended and Restated Agreement of
Limited Partnership of Northern Border Partners, L.P., dated as of October 1,
1993, by and among NBI, Pan Border Gas Company and Northwest Border Pipeline
Company.   "Northern Border SEC Reports" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 4.6(b).   "Northern Capital Contribution" shall have the
meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Northern Capital Contribution Amount"
shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Northern Plains" shall
have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "Northern Plains Group
Companies" means Northern Plains, Pan Border Gas Company, Northern Border
Pipeline Corporation and any of their respective subsidiaries, and any
successors thereof formed pursuant to the Conversion Transactions in
accordance with Section 6.16. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to
the term "Northern Plains Group Companies" shall include only the entities
specified in the previous sentence and shall not be construed to cover the
conduct or operations of the Northern Border Companies or Persons in which
the Northern Border Companies hold a minority interest.   "NP Tax Basket"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.10(a).   "Objection" shall
have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Objection Date" shall have
the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Objection Period" shall have the
meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Order" means any order, injunction,
judgment, decree, ruling, writ, assessment or arbitration award.  
"Ordinary Course of Business" shall refer to the conduct of business of the
Transfer Group Companies from and after December 2, 2001.   "Outside Date"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b).   "Paying Party" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(d).   "PBGC" means the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.   "Per Diem Taxes" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 9.2(c)(ii).   "Percentage Interest" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.4.   "Performance Notice" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 9.12.   "Performance Standard" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 9.12.   "Permits" means any approvals, authorizations,
consents, licenses, permits or certificates.   "Permitted Exceptions" means
(i) all Liens and exceptions disclosed in policies of title insurance set
forth on Schedule 4.19; (ii) statutory Liens for current Taxes, assessments
or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or the amount or validity of
which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (iii)
mechanics\', carriers\', workers\', repairers\' and similar Liens; (iv)
zoning, entitlement and other land use and environmental regulations by any
Governmental Authority; (v) with respect to any asset, right or interest,
Liens that would be released pursuant to the Approval Order from such asset,
right or interest and attach to the sales proceeds received by Sellers
hereunder upon the sale of the Equity Interest to Purchaser as contemplated
by this Agreement and (vi) such other Liens that would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Transfer Group Material
Adverse Effect.   "Person" means and includes natural persons,
corporations, limited partnerships, limited liability companies, general
partnerships, joint stock companies, joint ventures, associations, companies,
trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts, business trusts or other
organizations, whether or not legal entities, and all Governmental
Authorities.   "Plan" means the Fifth Amended Joint Plan of
Affiliated Debtors pursuant to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, dated
January 9, 2004, as proposed by Enron and its debtor affiliates, including,
without limitation, the exhibits and schedules attached thereto, as the same
may be modified and supplemented from time to time.   "Post-Closing
Covenant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(b).   "Pre-
Closing Covenant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(a).  
"Preliminary Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2.1.   "Preparing Party" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.2(d).   "Prime Rate" means the prime lending rate as reported in
the Wall Street Journal (under the heading "Money Rates") on the Closing
Date.   "Principal Contribution Transaction Documents" means the
(i) Transition Services Agreement, (ii) Transition Services Supplemental
Agreement, (iii) Cross License Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004, by and
among Enron, NBI, Transwestern, Florida Gas, Northern Border Pipeline
Company, EOS and Northern Plains, (iv) Sublease, dated as of March 31, 2004,
between Enron and the Company, (v) Release Agreement, dated as of March 31,
2004, by and among Sellers, the Company, CrossCountry Energy Corp., CES,
CrossCountry Alaska, LLC, CrossCountry Citrus Corp., NBP Services, Pan Border
Gas Company, Northern Plains, Transwestern Holding Company, Inc. and
Transwestern and (vi) Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004,
between Enron, ETS, EOC, Northern Plains, Pan Border Gas Company, NBP
Services, Transwestern, Transwestern Holding Company, Inc. and CrossCountry
Citrus Corp.   "Principal Shippers" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.12.   "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.1.   "Purchaser" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.   "Purchaser Indemnified Parties" means Purchaser and
its directors, officers, employees, any Person that becomes a Subsidiary
of Purchaser upon the transfer of the Equity Interest at Closing, Affiliates
(but only in their capacity as Affiliates of Purchaser or in connection with
the sale of the Equity Interest under this Agreement), agents (but only in
their capacity as agents of Purchaser or in connection with the sale of the
Equity Interest under this Agreement), successors and assigns; provided,
however, that the term "Purchaser Indemnified Parties" shall not include any
Citrus Group Company, any Northern Border Company or any third party partner
of any such companies, including, with respect to the Citrus Group Companies,
El Paso Corporation.   "Purchaser Material Adverse Effect" means any
change, circumstance or event that would materially hinder or delay
Purchaser\'s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, other than any such change, circumstance or event which results
from any of the events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of Section
3.2(d) or from any material breach by Sellers of any covenant or agreement in
this Agreement or from any representation or warranty of Sellers having been
or having become untrue in any material respect.   "Purchaser Related
Parties" shall mean any potential investors, partners, members, lenders and
financing sources (including the Financing Sources) of Purchaser and their
respective Affiliates and Representatives.   "Representatives" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(b).   "Request" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 6.16(a).   "Resolution Period" means the period ending
thirty (30) days following receipt by an Indemnified Party of a written
notice from an Indemnifying Party stating that it disputes all or any portion
of a claim set forth in an Indemnity Notice or a Third Party Claim
Notice.   "Rights of Way" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.9(a).   "Sale Motion" means the motion to be filed with the
Bankruptcy Court by the applicable Sellers seeking entry of the Approval
Order.   "SEC" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.6(b).  
"Section 338(h)(10) Election" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6.16(a)(ii).   "Securities Act" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.6(b).   "Seller Indemnified Parties" means Sellers, their
Affiliates and their respective Representatives, successors and assigns.  
"Seller Material Adverse Effect" means any change, circumstance or event that
would materially hinder or delay any Seller\'s ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, excluding any such change,
circumstance or event to the extent resulting (a) from (i) the filing of the
Bankruptcy Cases, (ii) the conversion or dismissal of any Bankruptcy Case,
(iii) the appointment of a chapter 11 trustee or examiner in any Bankruptcy
Case or (iv) the confirmation or the effectiveness of the Plan, or (b) from
any material breach by Purchaser of any covenant or agreement in this
Agreement or from any representation or warranty of Purchaser having been or
having become untrue in any material respect.   "Sellers" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "Southern Union Company" means
Southern Union Company, a Delaware corporation.   "Straddle Period" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(c)(ii).   "Subsidiary or
subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited
liability company, joint venture or partnership of which such Person (a)
beneficially owns, either directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent
(50%) of (i) the total combined voting power of all classes of voting
securities of such entity, (ii) the total combined equity interests, or (iii)
the capital or profit interests, in the case of a partnership; or
(b) otherwise has the power to vote or to direct the voting of sufficient
securities to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar governing
body.   "Superior Transaction" means one or more written or oral proposals
(with such oral proposals made on the record at a hearing before
the Bankruptcy Court) made by one or more third parties for one or more
Alternative Transactions that represent, alone or in the aggregate, and in
Enron\'s sole discretion, upon consultation with the Creditors\' Committee
and its Representatives, a higher or better offer for the Equity Interest,
the equity interests of any of the Transfer Group Companies or all or
substantially all of the assets of Transwestern than the offer made by
Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.   "Tax" means all
federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local or foreign income,
profits, franchise, gross receipts, environmental (including taxes under Code
Section 59A), customs, duties, net worth, sales, use, goods and services,
withholding, value added, ad valorem, employment, social security,
disability, occupation, pension, real property, personal property (tangible
and intangible), stamp, transfer, conveyance, severance, production, excise
and other taxes, withholdings, duties, levies, imposts and other similar
charges and assessments (including any and all fines, penalties and additions
attributable to or otherwise imposed on or with respect to any such taxes,
charges, fees, levies or other assessments, and interest thereon) imposed by
or on behalf of any Taxing Authority.   "Tax Baskets" shall mean the TWG Tax
Basket, the CGC Tax Basket and the NP Tax Basket, as applicable.   "Tax
Package" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(a)(i).   "Tax
Proceeding" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(a).   "Tax
Returns" means any report, return, declaration, claim for refund, information
report or return or statement required to be supplied to a Taxing Authority
in connection with Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto or
amendment thereof.   "Taxing Authority" means any Governmental Authority
exercising any authority to impose, regulate, levy, assess or administer the
imposition of any Tax.   "TGS" means Transportadora de Gas del Sur S.A., an
Argentine sociedad anonima.   "TGS Agreements" means (i) the Owners
Agreement, dated as of November 13, 1992, by and among EPCA, Citicorp Equity
Investments S.A. and Perez Companc, (ii) the Shareholders Agreement, dated as
of November 13, 1992, by and among EPCA, Citicorp Equity Investments S.A. and
Perez Companc, predecessor in interest to Petrobras Energia S.A.
("Petrobras"), an Argentine sociedad anonima, (iii) the Technical Assistance
Agreement, dated as of November 13, 1992, by and between TGS and EPCA, (iv)
the Bid Agreement, dated as of November 13, 1992, by and among EPCA, Citicorp
Equity Investments S.A. and Perez Companc, predecessor in interest to
Petrobras and (v) the Authorization to Render the Public Service of Gas
Transportation Issued to TGS (the "TGS License").   "TGS Letters" shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 9.12.   "Third Party Claim" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b).   "Third Party Claim Notice" shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b).   "Transaction Documents"
means the Deposit Escrow Agreement, the Citrus Trading Gas Contract
Indemnification Agreement, the Transfer Group Company Guaranty, the TSA and
the TSSA.   "Transfer Group Companies" means the Company,
CrossCountry Citrus Corp., the Transwestern Group Companies, the Citrus Group
Companies, the Northern Plains Group Companies, NBP Services, CES and
CrossCountry Alaska, LLC. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to the
term "Transfer Group Companies" shall include only the entities specified in
the previous sentence and shall not be construed to cover the conduct or
operations of the Northern Border Companies or Persons in which the Northern
Border Companies hold a minority interest.   "Transfer Group Company
Guaranty" means the agreement of the applicable Transfer Group Company to
fulfill all obligations of Purchaser from and after the Closing, under this
Agreement, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any amount that
Purchaser is or may become obligated to pay pursuant to this Agreement and
such agreement shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and
shall not be affected or impaired by (i) any change in the corporate
structure or ownership of Purchaser or the bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, dissolution, liquidation, or other similar
proceeding relating to Purchaser or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of Purchaser
or (ii) any neglect, delay, omission, failure or refusal of Purchaser or
Sellers to take or prosecute any action in connection with this Agreement or
any other agreement, including the Transaction Documents, delivered in
connection with this Agreement. In connection with a Transfer Group Company
Guaranty, the applicable Transfer Group Company shall unconditionally waive
any right to require Sellers to proceed first against Purchaser.  
"Transfer Group Material Adverse Effect" means any change, circumstance or
event that is materially adverse to the business, financial condition or
assets of the Transfer Group Companies, taken as a whole, excluding any such
change, circumstance or event to the extent resulting from (i) the economy or
securities markets in general, or any outbreak of hostility, terrorist
activities or war, (ii) the announcement, pendency or consummation of the
sale of the Equity Interest or any other action by Sellers or any
Transfer Group Company contemplated by or required by this Agreement, (iii)
the filing of the Bankruptcy Cases, (iv) the confirmation or the
effectiveness of the Plan, (v) the conversion or dismissal of any Bankruptcy
Case, (vi) the appointment of a chapter 11 trustee or examiner in any
Bankruptcy Case, or (vii) any changes in general economic, political or
regulatory conditions in industries or countries in which any of the Transfer
Group Companies operates, including changes applicable to (A) the
international, national, regional, or local wholesale markets for natural
gas, capacity or throughput, (B) international, national, regional or local
interstate natural gas pipeline systems, and (C) rules, regulations or
decisions affecting the interstate natural gas transmission industry as a
whole.   "Transition Services Agreement" means the Transition
Services Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004, between Enron and the
Company.   "Transition Services Supplemental Agreement" means
the Transition Services Supplemental Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004,
between Enron and the Company.   "Transportation Contracts" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 4.11(a)(vii).   "Transwestern" shall have the
meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.   "Transwestern Debt Amount"
means the principal amount of all indebtedness of Transwestern for borrowed
money, including without limitation, the outstanding principal amount owed as
of the Closing Date under the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2004,
among Transwestern, as Borrower, the Initial Lenders and Initial Issuing Bank
named therein, as Initial Lenders and Initial Issuing Bank, Wachovia Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Suntrust
Bank, as Syndication Agent, and Bank One, N.A., Citicorp USA, Inc. and Union
Bank of California, N.A., as Joint Documentation Agents.   "Transwestern
Group Companies" means Transwestern Holding Company, Inc., Transwestern and
any of their respective subsidiaries, and any successors thereof formed
pursuant to the Conversion Transactions in accordance with Section 6.16.  
"Transwestern Receivables" means the (i) Amended and Restated Promissory Note
by Enron in favor of Transwestern, with an effective date of May 14, 2001 and
an outstanding balance of $233,943,232.69 as of the date of this Agreement,
(ii) Subordinated Promissory Note by Enron Corp. in favor of Transwestern,
with an effective date of November 13, 2001 and an outstanding balance of
$137,500,000 as of the date of this Agreement, (iii) Subordinated Promissory
Note by Enron Corp. in favor of Transwestern with an effective date of
November 13, 2001 and an outstanding balance of $412,500,000 as of the
date of this Agreement, (iv) intercompany receivable in the amount of
$32,865,523.00 as of the date of this Agreement owed by Risk Management and
Trading Corp. to Transwestern, (v) intercompany receivable in the amount of
$1,260,943.78 as of the date of this Agreement owed by Enron Capital and Trade
Resources to Transwestern, (vi) intercompany receivable in the amount of
$1,878.25 as of the date of this Agreement owed by Enron Energy Services to
Transwestern, and (vii) intercompany receivable arising under the Tax Sharing
Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2004, by and among Enron, Northern Plains,
Pan Border Gas Company, NBP Services, Transwestern, Transwestern Holding
Company, Inc. and CrossCountry Citrus Corp., which was owed by Enron to
Transwestern in the amount of $83,988,930.00 as of March 31, 2004.  
"Treasury Regulations" means the regulations promulgated under the Code.  
"True-up Amount" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "TSA"
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1(g).   "TSSA" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 8.1(g).   "TWG Tax Basket" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 9.10(a).   "Winning Bidder" shall have the
meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures Order.   "Working Capital"
shall consist of the net amount of the line items reflected in the related
worksheet set forth on Annex A to Schedule 2.1. and shall, in all instances,
be computed using the same line items, and in the same manner, as set forth
in such worksheet, consistently with the Working Capital Accounting
Principles.   "Working Capital Accounting Principles" shall have the
meaning set forth on Schedule 2.1.   "Working Capital Worksheet" shall have
the meaning set forth in Annex A to Schedule 2.1.   11.2 Other Terms. Other
terms may be defined elsewhere in this Agreement and, unless otherwise
indicated, shall have such meaning throughout this Agreement.   11.3
Knowledge Qualifiers. References to "Sellers\' Knowledge" or "to the
Knowledge of Sellers" and similar terms shall refer to the actual knowledge,
without any requirement of inquiry or investigation, of any of
the individuals listed on Schedule 11.3.   11.4 Interpretation. Whenever
the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation". The
words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular provision of this Agreement. The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of
such terms.   ARTICLE XII   MISCELLANEOUS   12.1 Bankruptcy Court
Approval. The obligations of Enron, ETS and EOS under this Agreement are
subject to approval of the Bankruptcy Court.   12.2 Obligations Several.
Enron shall be jointly and severally liable for all obligations of Sellers
under this Agreement, and EOS, ETS and EOC shall be severally liable for
their respective obligations under this Agreement, each in accordance with
its Percentage Interest.   12.3 Expenses. Except as otherwise set forth in
this Agreement, each of Sellers and Purchaser shall each bear its own
expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement and each other agreement, document and instrument contemplated by
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, including, without limitation, obtaining the Approval Order and
the Bidding Procedures Order, it being understood that in no event shall any
of the Transfer Group Companies bear any of such costs and expenses.   12.4
Incorporation of Exhibits and Schedules. The exhibits and schedules
identified in this Agreement are incorporated herein by reference and made a
part hereof. Any information disclosed on any schedule hereto shall be deemed
disclosed for all schedules hereto. Any matter disclosed in any section of a
schedule shall be deemed disclosed in each section of such schedule.   12.5
Submission to Jurisdiction:Consent to Service of Process.   (a) Without
limiting any party\'s right to appeal any Order of the Bankruptcy Court, (i)
the Bankruptcy Court shall retain exclusive jurisdiction to enforce the terms
of this Agreement and to decide any claims or disputes which may arise or
result from, or be connected with, this Agreement, any breach or default
hereunder, or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) any
and all Actions related to the foregoing shall be filed and maintained only
in the Bankruptcy Court, and the parties hereby consent to and submit to the
jurisdiction and venue of the Bankruptcy Court and shall receive notices at
such locations as indicated in Section 12.13; provided, however, that if the
Bankruptcy Cases have closed, the parties agree to unconditionally and
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in New York
County or the Commercial Division, Civil Branch of the Supreme Court of the
State of New York sitting in New York County and any appellate court from any
thereof, for the resolution of any such claim or dispute.   (b) The parties
hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the
laying of venue of any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement brought in any
court specified in paragraph (a) above, or any defense of inconvenient forum
for the maintenance of such dispute. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a
judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit
on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.   (c) Each of the
parties hereto hereby consents to process being served by any party to this
Agreement in any suit, Action or proceeding by the mailing of a copy thereof
in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.13.   12.6 Waiver of Jury
Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT THEY MAY HAVE TO
TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, OR IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING,
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT,
OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT,
OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTIES HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTIES WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO
ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER
PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 12.6.   12.7
No Consequential or Punitive Damages. No party hereto (or its Affiliates)
shall, under any circumstance, be liable to any other party (or its
Affiliates) for any consequential, exemplary, special, incidental or punitive
damages claimed by such other party under the terms of or due to any breach
of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, loss of revenue or income,
cost of capital, or loss of business reputation or opportunity.   12.8 No
Right of Set-Off. Purchaser for itself and for its Subsidiaries, Affiliates,
successors and assigns hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any
rights of set-off, netting, offset, recoupment, or similar rights that
Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns has
or may have with respect to the payment of the Purchase Price or any other
payments to be made by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or any other
document or instrument delivered by Purchaser in connection herewith.   12.9
Time of Essence. With regard to all dates and time periods set forth or
referred to in this Agreement, time is of the essence.   12.10 Entire
Agreement; Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement (including the schedules
and exhibits hereto), the Confidentiality Agreements and the Transaction
Documents represent the entire understanding and agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and can be amended,
supplemented or changed, and any provision hereof can be waived, only by
written instrument making specific reference to this Agreement signed by
the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement,
modification or waiver is sought. No action taken pursuant to this Agreement,
including, without limitation, any investigation by or on behalf of any
party, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action
of compliance with any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
contained herein. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a further or
continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach. No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in
exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or
remedy by such party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Except as otherwise provided
herein, all remedies hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any
other remedies provided by Law.   12.11 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT, THE
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND ANY CLAIM OR
CONTROVERSY DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED
ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY), INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF
CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED BY
AND INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED, AND DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE APPLICABLE
PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE AND THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISION THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE
APPLICATION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).   12.12 Table of
Contents and Headings. The table of contents and Section headings of this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and are to be given no effect in
the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.   12.13 Notices. All
notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed duly given (i) when delivered personally or by prepaid
overnight courier, with a record of receipt, (ii) the fourth day after
mailing if mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iii) the
day of transmission, if sent by facsimile or telecopy during regular business
hours, or the day after transmission, if sent after regular business hours
(with a copy promptly sent by prepaid overnight courier with record of
receipt or by certified mail, return receipt requested), to the parties at
the following addresses or telecopy numbers (or to such other address or
telecopy number as a party may have specified by notice given to the
other parties pursuant to this provision):   If to any Seller, to:  
Enron Corp.  1221 Lamar Street, Suite 1600  Houston, TX 77010  Attention:
General Counsel  Facsimile: (713) 646-6227   With a copy to:   Weil,
Gotshal and Manges LLP  200 Crescent Ct., Suite 300  Dallas, TX 75201 
Attention: Michael A. Saslaw  Facsimile: (214) 746-7777   If to Purchaser,
to:   Southern Union Company  One PEI Center, Second Floor  Wilkes-Barre,
PA 18711  Attention: Thomas F. Karam, President and COO  Facsimile: (570)
829-8900   And to:   General Electric Capital Corporation  260 Long Ridge
Road  Stamford, CT 06927  Attention: Manager of Operations  Facsimile:
(203) 961-2215   With a copy to:   Fleischman and Walsh, LLP  1919
Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 600  Washington, DC 20006  Attention: Sean
P. McGuinness  Facsimile: (202) 265-5706   And a copy to:   Paul,
Hastings, Janofsky and Walker LLP  1055 Washington Boulevard  Stamford, CT
06901  Attention: Jonathan Birenbaum  Facsimile: (203) 359-3031   12.14
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable,
the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect.   12.15 Binding Effect
Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as
set forth in Sections 6.1, 6.8, Article IX and Article X, nothing in this
Agreement shall create or be deemed to create any third party beneficiary
rights in any Person not a party to this Agreement. No assignment of this
Agreement or of any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any of
Sellers or Purchaser (by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the other parties hereto and any attempted assignment
without the required consents shall be void.   12.16 [Intentionally
Omitted]   12.17 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.   12.18 Specific
Performance. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.2(a) and the delivery of
the Additional Letters of Credit for the Additional Deposit Amount, Sellers
hereby agree that, in the event of any breach by any Seller of any material
covenant, obligation or other term or provision set forth in this Agreement
for the benefit of Purchaser, Purchaser shall be entitled to a decree or
order of specific performance or mandamus to enforce the observance and
performance of such covenant, obligation or other term or provision;
provided, however, that Purchaser\'s right under this Section 12.18 shall
terminate upon Closing.   [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]      IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date
first written above.   CCE HOLDINGS, LLC     By: /s/ THOMAS F. KARAM 
---------------------------------------------  Name: Thomas F. Karam  Title:
President    ENRON OPERATIONS SERVICES, LLC   By: Enron Transportation
Services, LLC, its  Sole Member  By: EOC Preferred, L.L.C., its Sole
Member  By: Enron Corp., its Sole Member     By: /s/ GEORGE M.
MCCORMICK  ---------------------------------------------  Name: George M.
McCormick  Title: Managing Director, Corporate  Development    ENRON
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES, LLC   By: EOC Preferred, L.L.C., its Sole Member 
By: Enron Corp., its Sole Member     By: /s/ GEORGE M. MCCORMICK 
---------------------------------------------  Name: George M. McCormick 
Title: Managing Director, Corporate  Development        EOC PREFERRED,
L.L.C.   By: Enron Corp., its Sole Member     By: /s/ GEORGE M.
MCCORMICK  --------------------------------------------  Name: George M.
McCormick  Title: Managing Director, Corporate  Development     ENRON
CORP.     By: /s/ GEORGE M. MCCORMICK 
--------------------------------------------  Name: George M. McCormick 
Title: Managing Director, Corporate  Development       '

