 EXHIBIT 2.1    EXHIBIT
2.1   ===============================================================================    
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   among   DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,   MMC3
CORPORATION   and   INTEGRATED DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   Dated as of
August 15,
2003     ================================================================================      
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this
"Agreement"), dated as of August 15, 2003, among DRS Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), MMC3 Corporation, a Delaware corporation and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Integrated Defense
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").   RECITALS  
WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company each have determined that it is in the best interests of their
respective companies and stockholders to enter into and consummate
this Agreement, providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company with the Company as the surviving corporation, and subject to the
conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, as a condition to and inducement to
Parent\'s and Merger Sub\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement,
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Veritas Capital
Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("Capital
Management"), IDT Holding, L.L.C. ("Holding"), a Delaware limited liability
company and a stockholder of the Company, and The Veritas Capital Fund, L.P.
("Capital Fund"), a Delaware limited partnership and a parent of Holding, are
entering into a Voting Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the "Voting Agreement") and Capital Management, Holding, Capital
Fund and Robert B. McKeon are entering into a Standstill Agreement
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Standstill
Agreement") with Parent and Merger Sub;   WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire
to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1   1. The Merger.   1.1 The Merger.
At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3), subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"), Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall thereupon cease (the "Merger"). The Company shall be the
surviving corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation"). The Merger shall have the effects specified in the
DGCL.   1.2 The Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at
the offices of Winston and Strawn, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York, at
10:00 a.m., local time, as soon as practicable but in no event later than
the Outside Date (as defined in Section 7.1(b)(i)). The date on which the
Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date."   1.3
Effective Time. If all the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article 6
shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith and this Agreement
shall not have been terminated as provided in Article 7, the parties hereto
shall cause a Certificate of Merger meeting the requirements of Section 251
of the DGCL (the "Certificate of Merger") to be properly executed and filed
in accordance with such Section on the Closing Date. The Merger shall become
effective at the time of filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL or at
such later time which the parties hereto shall have agreed upon
and designated in such filing as the effective time of the Merger (the
"Effective Time").   1.4 Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, Directors
and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. (a) The Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation,
from and after the Effective Time, until duly amended in accordance with
applicable Law and the terms thereof.   (b) The By-Laws of Merger Sub as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the By-Laws of the
Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time, until duly amended
in accordance with applicable Law, the terms thereof, and the Surviving
Corporation\'s Certificate of Incorporation.   (c) The officers of the
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time, until their
successors are duly appointed or elected in accordance with applicable Law
and the Surviving Corporation\'s Certificate of Incorporation and By-
Laws.   (d) The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation from and
after the Effective Time, until their successors are duly appointed or
elected in accordance with applicable Law and the Surviving Corporation\'s
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws.   ARTICLE 2   2. Effect of the
Merger on Securities of Merger Sub and the Company. At the Effective Time by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Merger Sub, the
Company or the holders of any of the securities of Merger Sub or the
Company:   2.1 Merger Sub Stock. Each share of common stock, $0.01 par
value per share, of Merger Sub that is issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.01 par
value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.   2.2 Common Stock. (a) Each
share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Common
Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than shares of Common Stock owned by Parent or Merger Sub or held by the
Company, all of which shall be cancelled, and other than the shares of
Dissenting Common Stock (as defined in Section 2.5)) shall be converted into
the right to receive (i) the amount of $12.25 in cash without interest (the
"Cash Consideration") and (ii) a fraction of a fully paid and nonassessable
share (the "Parent Stock Consideration") of the common stock, $.01 par value
per share, of Parent ("Parent Stock") equal to one share of Parent Stock
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (as defined below). "Exchange Ratio" means
$5.25 divided by the lesser of (i) $28.00 and (ii) the greater of (A) the
Parent Common Stock Value (as defined below) and (B) $25.90. "Parent Common
Stock Value" means the average closing sale prices for a share of Parent
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE") Composite
Transactions Tape (as reported by The Wall Street Journal
(Northeast edition), or, if not reported thereby, as reported by any other
authoritative source) for each of the ten consecutive trading days ending
with the second complete trading day prior to the Closing Date (not counting
the Closing Date). The Parent Stock Consideration using the Exchange Ratio
shall be calculated to the nearest one-ten thousandth of a share of Parent
Stock and the Parent Common Stock Value shall be calculated to the nearest
one-tenth of one cent. The Cash Consideration and the Parent Stock
Consideration to be received by the holders of Common Stock hereunder
(together with the cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Stock as
specified below) are referred to herein collectively as the "Merger
Consideration".   (b) All shares of Common Stock (other than shares to be
cancelled in accordance with Section 2.2(c)) shall cease to be outstanding
and shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of shares of
Common Stock (other than Merger Sub and Parent) shall thereafter cease to
have any rights with respect to such shares of Common Stock, except, subject
to Section 2.4, the right to receive, without interest, the Merger
Consideration in accordance with Section 2.3 upon the surrender of a
certificate or certificates (a "Certificate") representing such shares of
Common Stock.   (c) Each share of Common Stock issued and held in the
Company\'s treasury at the Effective Time, or held by Merger Sub or Parent,
shall, by virtue of the Merger, cease to be outstanding and shall be
cancelled without payment of any consideration therefor.   2.3 Exchange of
Certificates Representing Common Stock. (a) Prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall appoint a commercial bank or trust company, subject to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Company, to act as Exchange Agent hereunder
for the purpose of paying, in accordance with this Article 2, the Cash
Consideration and exchanging, in accordance with this Article 2, Certificates
for the Parent Stock Consideration (the "Exchange Agent"). Parent shall take
all steps necessary to cause the Surviving Corporation to provide the
Exchange Agent with the Merger Consideration to be delivered in exchange for
all the shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.2(a) as and when such
amounts are needed by the Exchange Agent.   (b) As promptly as possible
after the Effective Time, Parent shall instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to
each holder of record of shares of Common Stock: (i) a letter of transmittal
which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to such Certificate(s) shall pass, only upon delivery of such
Certificate(s) to the Exchange Agent and which letter shall be in such form
and have such other provisions as are customary for letters of this nature
and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of such Certificate(s) in
exchange for the Merger Consideration (which shall provide that, at the
election of the surrendering holder, such Certificate(s) may be surrendered,
and payment therefor collected, by hand delivery). Upon surrender of such
Certificate(s) to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of
transmittal, duly executed and completed in accordance with the instructions
thereto, and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the
Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate(s) shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing that number of whole
shares of Parent Stock and the amount of cash, without interest, into which
shares of Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificate(s) shall have
been converted into the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.2 after giving
effect to any required Tax withholdings, and the shares formerly represented
by the Certificate(s) so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. If any
portion of the Parent Stock Consideration is to be registered in the name of
a person other than the person in whose name the applicable surrendered
Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition to the registration of
such shares constituting such Parent Stock Consideration that the surrendered
Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and the person requesting such delivery of such shares shall pay to
the Exchange Agent any transfer or other Taxes required by reason of such
registration in the name of a person other than the registered holder of such
Certificate or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Exchange Agent
that such Tax has been paid or is not applicable. No interest will be paid or
will accrue on the cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate(s),
including in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent Stock. In the event of a
transfer of ownership of Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer
records of the Company, payment may be made with respect to such Common Stock
to such a transferee if such Certificate(s) representing such shares of
Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect such transfer and to evidence that any
applicable transfer or other Taxes have been paid. Until surrendered
as contemplated by this Section 2.3(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at
any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon
such surrender the amount of Parent Stock and cash, without interest, into
which the shares of Common Stock theretofore represented by such
Certificate(s) shall have been converted pursuant to this Article 2. Parent,
Merger Sub or the Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold
from the Merger Consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to
any holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company such amounts as Parent,
Merger Sub or the Exchange Agent are required to deduct and withhold under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations promulgated
thereunder (the "Code"), or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law,
with respect to the making of such payment. To the extent the amounts are
so withheld by Parent, Merger Sub or the Exchange Agent, such withheld
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been
paid to the holder of shares of Common Stock of the Company in respect of
whom such deduction and withholding was made by Parent, Merger Sub or the
Exchange Agent.   (c) All shares of Parent Stock issued and all cash paid
upon surrender of Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article 2
shall be deemed to have been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all
rights pertaining to the shares of Common Stock theretofore represented by
such Certificates. At or after the Effective Time, there shall be no
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company of the shares of Common
Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this
Article 2.   (d) No dividends or other distributions with respect to
Parent Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered Certificate, and no cash payment in lieu of
fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.3(e)
until the surrender of such Certificate in accordance with this Article 2.
Subject to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of any such
Certificate, there shall be paid to the holder of the certificate
representing whole shares of Parent Stock issued in exchange therefor,
without interest, (i) at the time of such surrender, the amount of any cash
payable in lieu of a fractional share of Parent Stock to which such holder is
entitled pursuant to Section 2.3(e) and the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid
with respect to such whole shares of Parent Stock and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record
date after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date
subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of
Parent Stock.   (e) No certificates or script representing fractional shares
of Parent Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of
Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner
thereof to vote or to any other rights of a stockholder of Parent. Each
holder of Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise
be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Stock shall receive,
upon surrender of such holder\'s Certificates in accordance with this Section
2.3, an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product obtained by
multiplying (i) such fractional share interest to which such holder (after
taking into account all fractional share interests then held by such holder)
would otherwise be entitled by (ii) the average of the per share closing
sales prices of shares of Parent Stock as reported on the NYSE Composite
Transactions reporting system (as reported in The Wall Street Journal or, in
the absence thereof, by another authoritative source) during the five (5)
consecutive trading days ending on (and including) the trading day
immediately preceding the date of the Effective Time. As promptly as
practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid
to holders of fractional share interests, the Exchange Agent shall so notify
Parent, and Parent shall deposit such amount with the Exchange Agent and
shall cause the Exchange Agent to forward payments to such holders of
fractional share interests subject to and in accordance with the terms of
Section 2.3(b).   (f) Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available
to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 2.3(a) (including the proceeds of
any interest and other income received by the Exchange Agent in respect of
all such funds) that remains undistributed to the former stockholders of
the Company six (6) months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to
Parent, upon demand. Any former stockholders of the Company who have not
theretofore complied with this Article 2 shall thereafter look only to the
Parent for payment of any Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon,
that may be payable in respect of each share of Common Stock such stockholder
held as of the Effective Time as determined pursuant to this Agreement.  
(g) None of Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Exchange
Agent or any other Person shall be liable to any former holder of shares of
Common Stock for any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant
to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws.   (h) In the
event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving
Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount
as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim which
may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent
will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the
Merger Consideration payable in respect thereof pursuant to
this Agreement.   (i) Parent or Merger Sub shall pay all of the Exchange
Agent\'s fees in connection with the exchange of the Merger Consideration
for Certificates.   2.4 Adjustment of Merger Consideration. In the event
that, subsequent to the date of this Agreement but prior to the Effective
Time, the outstanding shares of Common Stock or Parent Stock shall have been
changed into a different number of shares or a different class as a result of
a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, split, combination, exchange, recapitalization or other
similar transaction, the Exchange Ratio and Cash Consideration shall be
appropriately adjusted.   2.5 Dissenting Company Stockholders.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, shares of
Common Stock that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and which are held by holders of such shares of Common Stock
who have properly exercised appraisal rights with respect thereto in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (the "Dissenting Common Stock") will
not be exchangeable for the right to receive the Merger Consideration, and
holders of such shares of Dissenting Common Stock will be entitled to receive
payment of the appraised value of such shares of Common Stock in accordance
with the provisions of such Section 262 unless and until such holders fail to
perfect or effectively withdraw or lose their rights to appraisal and payment
under the DGCL. If, after the Effective Time, any such holder fails to
perfect or effectively withdraws or loses such right, such shares of Common
Stock will thereupon be treated as if they had been converted into and have
become exchangeable for, at the Effective Time, the right to receive the
Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon. The Company shall give
Parent: (i) prompt notice of any demands for payment received by the Company
pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, withdrawals of such demands and any
other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company and
(ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to any such demand for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company shall
not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with
respect to any demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such
demands.   ARTICLE 3   3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.
Except as set forth in the corresponding sections of the disclosure letter,
dated this date, delivered by the Company to Parent (the "Company Disclosure
Letter"), provided that the listing of an item in one section of the Company
Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to be a listing in each section of the
Company Disclosure Letter and to apply to any other representation and
warranty of the Company in this Agreement to the extent that it is reasonably
apparent from a reading of such disclosure item that it would also qualify or
apply to such other schedule or representation and warranty, the Company
hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as of the date of
this Agreement as follows:   3.1 Existence; Good Standing; Corporate
Authority. Each of the Company and each of its subsidiaries (the
"Subsidiaries") is: (i) a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and (ii) is
duly licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in
good standing under the Laws of any state of the United States or any country
in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which
the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except
where the failure to be so organized, existing, licensed or qualified or to
be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section
8.7). Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own or lease and operate its properties and
carry on its business as now conducted, except where the failure to have such
power and authority, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has
heretofore delivered to Parent true, correct and complete copies of: (i) the
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, as currently in effect, of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries and (ii) all minute books of the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries since August 1, 2001.   3.2 Authorization,
Validity and Effect of Agreements. (a) The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all
agreements and documents contemplated hereby (the "Ancillary Documents"), to
perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (subject to the Company
Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 3.2(b)) with respect to the
Merger). The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
Ancillary Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and
validly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company, and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize
this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (other than the Company
Stockholder Approval and the filing and recordation of appropriate merger
documents required by the DGCL). This Agreement has been, and any Ancillary
Document at the time of execution will have been, duly and validly executed
and delivered by the Company, and (assuming this Agreement and such Ancillary
Documents each constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent and
Merger Sub) constitutes and will constitute the valid and binding obligations
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their
respective terms (except insofar as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally, or by principles governing the
availability of equitable remedies).   (b) The only vote of holders of any
class or series of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
necessary to adopt or approve this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby is the adoption of this Agreement by the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Company entitled to vote thereon
(the "Company Stockholder Approval").   3.3 Compliance with Laws. To the
Company\'s knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
violation of any order of any foreign, federal, state or local judicial,
legislative, executive, administrative or regulatory body or authority or any
arbitration board or tribunal ("Governmental Entity"), or any foreign,
federal, state or local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree ("Laws") applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets (provided that no representation
or warranty is made in this Section 3.3 relating to Environmental Matters (as
defined in Section 3.16)), except (a) as described in any Company SEC Report
(as defined in Section 3.7) and (b) where the failure to be in compliance,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.4 Capitalization. (a) The authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock
and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Preferred Stock"). As of August 8, 2003: (i) 21,327,931 shares of Common
Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) no shares of Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding; and (iii) no shares of Common Stock were held by the
Company in its treasury. The Company has no outstanding bonds, debentures,
notes or other obligations entitling the holders thereof to vote (or which
are convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote)
with the stockholders of the Company on any matter. All issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. There are no existing or
outstanding options, warrants, calls, subscriptions, convertible securities,
"phantom" stock rights, SARs, stock-based performance units or other rights,
agreements or commitments of any kind to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or which obligate the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or
sold, additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities or
ownership interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or obligate the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into any
such security, option, warrant, call, subscription, convertible security,
right, agreement or commitment. There are no outstanding obligations of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
or provide preemptive rights with respect to, any shares of capital stock of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No Subsidiary of the Company holds
any share, stock, security, option, warrant, call, right, or convertible or
exchangeable security of the Company.   (b) Other than the Voting
Agreement, there are no voting trusts, proxies or other agreements,
commitments or understandings of any character to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is bound with respect to the voting of any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to the
registration of the offering, sale or delivery of any shares of capital stock
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Securities Act").   3.5 Subsidiaries. The Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
each of its Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
each Subsidiary of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable, and are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, claims, options or
other encumbrances (collectively, "Encumbrances") except as set forth in
Section 3.5 of the Company Disclosure Letter. Section 3.5 of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and for
each Subsidiary: (i) its authorized capital stock, share capital or other
equity interest; (ii) the number of issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock, share capital or other equity interest; and (iii) the holder or
holders of such shares or other equity interest. Except for the Company\'s
interests in the Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries owns, directly or indirectly, any interest or investment
(whether equity or debt) in any corporation, partnership, joint venture,
business, trust or entity.   3.6 Consents and Approvals; No Violation.
Except as set forth in Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Letter and
subject to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, neither the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or any of the
Ancillary Documents nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby will: (i) violate, conflict with or result in
a breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of
the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) violate any Laws applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or
assets, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
result in a breach of any provision of, constitute a default (or an event
which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default)
under, or impair the Company\'s rights or alter the rights or obligations of
any third party under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, result in the creation of any
Encumbrance upon any of the material properties or assets of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries under any Company Material Contract (as defined in
Section 3.19), except for any of the foregoing matters specified in the
foregoing clause which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or (iv)
other than: (A) the filings provided for in Section 1.3 hereof, (B)
the filings required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Exchange Act"), the Securities Act, any applicable state securities or
"blue sky" Laws or the rules and regulations of the NYSE and (C) the filing
of a premerger notification and report form by the Company under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act")
or any applicable foreign or supranational antitrust and competition Laws,
require any consent, approval, order or authorization of, or declaration,
filing or registration with, any Governmental Entity or any other Person, the
lack of which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.7 Company SEC and Other
Governmental Reports. Since February 26, 2002, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have prepared in accordance with applicable Law and timely
filed, as the case may be, all required forms, registrations, prospectuses,
reports, schedules, statements and other documents (including exhibits and
any amendments thereto) required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission of the United States (the "SEC") (collectively, the "Company SEC
Reports") or any other Governmental Entity. The Company has delivered to
Parent all Company SEC Reports filed since February 26, 2002. As of their
respective dates, the Company SEC Reports: (i) complied in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and (ii) did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each
of the consolidated balance sheets of the Company included in the Company SEC
Reports (including the notes thereto) fairly presented in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the consolidated statements of
operations, cash flows and shareholders\' equity of the Company included in
the Company SEC Reports (including the notes thereto) fairly presented in all
material respects the results of operations, cash flows and shareholders\'
equity of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein,
in each case in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as
applied in the United States ("GAAP"), consistently applied during the
periods involved, except as may be noted therein.   3.8 Litigation. Except
as set forth in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof or as
set forth in Section 3.8 of the Company Disclosure Letter: (i) there are no
claims, actions, suits, proceedings, arbitrations, investigations or audits
by a Governmental Entity pending or, to the knowledge of the Company through
the receipt of written notice, threatened against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, at Law or in equity other than those in the ordinary course of
business that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there are no claims,
actions, suits, proceedings, arbitrations, investigations or audits by a non-
Governmental Entity third party pending or, to the knowledge of the Company
through the receipt of written notice, threatened against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, at Law or at equity other than those in the ordinary
course of business that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; and (iii)
there are no outstanding or unsatisfied orders, writs, injunctions, decrees
or arbitration rulings, judgments, rules, awards or other findings against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at Law or at equity, other than those
in the ordinary course of business that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   3.9 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as set forth in the
Company SEC Reports or as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, since December 31, 2002, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their business only in the ordinary course of such business
consistent with past practices, and there has not been: (i) any event or
state of fact that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii) any declaration,
setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution with respect
to the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
repurchase, redemption or any other acquisition by the Company or its
Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities
of, or other ownership interests in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(iii) any material change by the Company in its accounting methods,
principles or practices; (iv) any revaluation by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any of their respective assets, including, without
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business; (v) any
damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) of any of
the material properties or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; (vi)
any increase in indebtedness for borrowed money other than an increase as a
result of borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business; (vii) any
split, combination or reclassification of any capital stock of the Company or
any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in
respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of the capital stock of
the Company; or (viii) any agreement or commitment (contingent or otherwise)
to take any of the actions set forth in clauses (i) through (vii) above.  
3.10 Taxes. (a) Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has timely
filed with the appropriate Governmental Entities (taking into account
extensions) all material Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be filed
by any of them and such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all
material respects, except to the extent any failure to file or failure to be
true, correct and accurate would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Company Material Adverse Effect. (b) Except as, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect and except for those Taxes (as defined below) for which
adequate reserves have been established in the financial statements included
in the Company SEC Reports, each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
has timely paid all Taxes due and owing by it. (c) There are no federal,
state, local or foreign audits or other administrative proceedings or
court proceedings presently pending or proposed in writing with respect to
any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice
of any pending or proposed claims, audits or proceedings with respect to
Taxes. (d) Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has withheld and
paid over to the relevant taxing authority all Taxes required to have been
withheld and paid in connection with payments to employees, independent
contractors, creditors, stockholders or other third parties, except for such
Taxes which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. (e) There are no material
Encumbrances for Taxes upon any property or assets of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, except for Encumbrances for Taxes not yet due. (f) Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has requested an extension of time
within which to file any Tax Return which has not since been filed, and no
currently effective waivers, extensions, or comparable consents regarding the
application of the statute of limitations with respect to Taxes or Tax
Returns has been given by or on behalf of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. (g) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to any agreement providing for the allocation, sharing or indemnification of
Taxes. (h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been included
in any "consolidated," "unitary" or "combined" Tax Return (other than Tax
Returns which include only the Company and any of its Subsidiaries) provided
for under the Laws of the United States, any foreign jurisdiction or any
state or locality with respect to Taxes. (i) Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a
"controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the
Code) in a distribution of stock to which Section 355 of the Code (or so much
of Section 356 of the Code as relates to Section 355 of the Code) applies and
which occurred within two (2) years of the date of this Agreement. (j)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of
deficiency or assessment from any Governmental Entity for any amount of Tax,
and no such deficiency or assessment is proposed. (k) The Company is not
currently nor has ever been a United States real property holding company
within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code. (l) For purposes of this
Agreement: (i) "Tax" (and, with correlative meaning, "Taxes") means any and
all federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales,
use, license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll, premium, withholding,
alternative or added minimum, ad valorem, value added, estimated, stamp,
occupation, services, service use, intangible, net worth, transfer or excise
tax, recording or any other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other like
assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or
penalty, imposed by any Governmental Entity and (ii) "Tax Return" means any
return, document, declaration, election, report or similar statement required
to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any attached schedules),
including, without limitation, any information return, claim for refund,
request for extension of time, amended return or declaration of estimated
Tax.   3.11 Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Section 3.11(a) of the
Company Disclosure Letter lists all (i) employee benefit plans (as defined in
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder ("ERISA")), (ii)
bonus, stock option, stock purchase, incentive, deferred compensation,
supplemental retirement, severance and other or similar fringe or employee
benefit plans, programs and arrangements, and (iii) employment, consulting,
termination, change-in-control or severance arrangements sponsored,
maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or pursuant to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries may have any material liability (the "Plans").   (b) With
respect to each Plan, the Company has heretofore delivered or made available
to Parent true and complete copies of the Plan and any amendments thereto,
any related trust or other funding vehicle, any reports or summaries required
under ERISA or the Code and the most recent determination letter received
from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Plan intended to be
"qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code.   (c) No
liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries since the effective date of ERISA that has not been
satisfied in full and no condition exists that presents a material risk to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its subsidiaries
of incurring any liability under such Title IV.   (d) Each of the Plans that
is intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the
Code is so qualified. Any fund established under an ERISA Plan that is
intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 501(c)(9) of the Code has so
satisfied such requirements.   (e) No Plan is a "multi-employer pension
plan," as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA.   (f) Each of the
Plans has been operated and administered in all material respects in
accordance with applicable Laws, including but not limited to ERISA and the
Code.   (g) No amounts payable under any of the Plans or any
other contract, agreement or arrangement with respect to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries may have any liability could fail to be deductible
for federal income Tax purposes by virtue of Section 162(m) or 280G of the
Code.   (h) Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(h) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, no Plan provides benefits, including, without
limitation, death or medical benefits (whether or not insured), with respect
to current or former employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
after retirement or other termination of service other than coverage mandated
by applicable Laws.   (i) There are no pending or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, threatened or anticipated claims by or on behalf of any Plan, by
any employee or beneficiary under any such Plan or otherwise involving any
such Plan (other than routine claims for benefits).   3.12 Labor and
Employment Matters. (a) Except as disclosed in Section 3.12 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract or
understanding with a labor union or labor organization or other
representative of any of the employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. Except for such matters which, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, there is no: (i) unfair labor practice, labor dispute (other
than routine individual grievances) or labor arbitration proceeding pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries relating to their business; (ii) to the knowledge of the
Company, activity or proceeding by a labor union or representative thereof to
organize any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iii)
lockouts, strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages or threats thereof by or with
respect to such employees and during the last three (3) years there has not
been any such action.   (b) During the last five (5) years, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has effectuated a "plant closing" or a
"mass layoff" (as such terms are defined in the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act (the "WARN Act")). Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries has been affected by any transaction or engaged in layoffs
or employment terminations sufficient in number to trigger application of any
state, local or foreign Law or regulation which is similar to the WARN Act.
None of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has suffered
an "employment loss" (as defined in the WARN Act) during the ninety (90) day
period prior to the date of this Agreement.   3.13 Brokers. Except for
Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc. (the "Company Financial Advisor") and Houlihan Lokey
(as defined in Section 3.22), no broker, finder or financial advisor is
entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that is based upon any
arrangement made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Company\'s fee arrangements with the Company Financial Advisor and with
Houlihan Lokey have been disclosed to Parent.   3.14 Intellectual Property
Rights. (a) Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, to
the knowledge of the Company: (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries solely own
or have the right to use pursuant to a license, sub license, agreement or
permission, all of its Intellectual Property (as defined below) free and
clear of all Encumbrances (other than Permitted Liens (as defined in Section
3.17) licenses granted to third parties); (ii) the Intellectual Property is
valid and enforceable and is all of the intellectual property necessary for
the conduct of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as currently conducted; (iii) no current or former stockholder, partner,
director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or
any of their respective predecessors in interest) holds any right, title or
interest, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, in or to any
Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv)
the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
herein will not result in the loss or impairment of the right of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to own or use any of the material Intellectual
Property; and (v) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have
licensed or sublicensed its rights in any material Intellectual Property
other than pursuant to the License Agreements.   (b) Except as would not
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of the Company: (i)
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has interfered with,
infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual
property rights of third parties in any way, and no third party has
interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated any
Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii)
the Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained the confidentiality of Trade
Secrets (as defined below) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
and (iii) the activities of the Company\'s or any of its Subsidiaries\'
present and former employees, contractors or consultants on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries have not violated any agreement or
arrangements pertaining to the protection or non-use of any third Person\'s
Trade Secrets, during the term of their employment or engagement with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.   (c) "Intellectual Property" means all:
(i) trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and corporate names,
Internet domain names, designs, slogans and general intangibles of like
nature, including, without limitation, all goodwill, registrations and
applications related to the foregoing; (ii) copyrights and mask works,
including, without limitation, all registrations and applications related to
the foregoing; (iii) patents and industrial designs (and the inventions
embodied by the foregoing), including, without limitation, all continuations,
divisionals, continuations-in-part, renewals, reissues and applications
related to the foregoing; (iv) computer software and management information
systems, including, without limitation, any and all software implementations
of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code or object
code form, databases and compilations, including, without limitation, data
and collections of data, and all documentation, including, without
limitation, user manuals and training materials related to the foregoing
("Software"); and (v) trade secrets, technology, know-how, proprietary
processes, formulas, algorithms, models, methodologies and other confidential
information ("Trade Secrets"); in each case, used or held for use in the
business of the Company as currently conducted. All federal and state and all
foreign registrations of and applications for Intellectual Property that are
owned or licensed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the date
hereof are set forth in Section 3.14(c) of Company Disclosure
Letter, indicating which registrations and applications are owned or
licensed, as the case may be.   3.15 Permits. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in possession of, and no default has occurred under, all
franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances,
exceptions, consents, certificates, notices, approvals and orders of any
court, governmental or regulatory authority, foreign or domestic, necessary
for the Company and its Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate its properties
and assets or to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (the
"Company Permits") (provided that no representation or warranty is made in
this Section 3.15 relating to Environmental Matters), except where the
failure to have any of the Company Permits, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
As of the date hereof, no suspension or cancellation of any of the Company
Permits is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company threatened, except
where the suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.16 Environmental Compliance. (a) Except
as disclosed in Section 3.16 of the Company Disclosure Letter and except for
any non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Laws
relating to Environmental Matters (as defined below); (ii) the Company and
its Subsidiaries have obtained, and are in compliance with, all permits,
licenses, authorizations, registrations and other governmental consents
required by applicable Laws relating to Environmental Matters, including
those relating to the use, storage, treatment, transportation, release,
emission and disposal of raw materials, by-products, wastes and other
substances used or produced by or otherwise relating to the operations of the
Company or its Subsidiaries; and (iii) to the Company\'s knowledge, there are
no past or present events, conditions, or activities by the Company or its
Subsidiaries that would prevent compliance or continued compliance with any
Law relating to Environmental Matters or give rise to any Environmental
Liability (as defined below) or Environmental Claim (as defined in Section
8.7) and no such Environmental Claim is pending or threatened against the
Company or its Subsidiaries.   (b) As used in this Agreement, the term
"Environmental Matters" means any matter arising out of or relating to
pollution or protection of the environment, human safety or health, or
sanitation, including matters relating to emissions, discharges, releases or
threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, or Hazardous Substances or
toxic materials or wastes into ambient air, surface water, ground water, or
land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants,
contaminants or Hazardous Substances or toxic materials or wastes.
"Environmental Liability" shall mean any liability or obligation arising
under any Law, including Laws relating to Environmental Matters, or under any
current theory of Law or equity (including, without limitation, any liability
for personal injury, property damage or remediation) that results from, or is
based upon or related to, the manufacture, processing, distribution, use,
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling, or the emission,
discharge, release or threatened release into the environment, of any
pollutant, contaminant, chemical, or industrial, toxic or Hazardous Substance
or waste.   3.17 Title to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
good title to all of their material properties and assets (including,
without limitation, all real property owned by the Company and its
Subsidiaries (the "Owned Real Property") and all Leases (as defined below))
reflected in the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of
December 31, 2002 (the "2002 Balance Sheet") (other than assets disposed of
since December 31, 2002 in the ordinary course of business), in each case
free and clear of all Encumbrances except for: (i) Encumbrances which secure
indebtedness reflected in the Company SEC Reports; (ii) liens for Taxes
accrued but not yet payable; (iii) liens arising as a matter of Law in the
ordinary course of business with respect to obligations incurred after the
date of the 2002 Balance Sheet, provided that the obligations secured by such
liens are not delinquent; and (iv) such imperfections of title and
Encumbrances, if any, as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect (each of the items referred to in clauses (i) through
(iv), collectively, the "Permitted Liens"). The Company and its Subsidiaries
own, or have valid leasehold interests in, all material properties and assets
used in the conduct of their business except where the absence of such
ownership or leasehold interest would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title to all of the Owned Real Property. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any
adverse claim to the title to any properties owned by them or with respect to
any Lease under which any properties are held by them, other than any claims
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect. True and complete copies of all
leases, subleases, licenses and other occupancy agreements (the "Leases," and
such property, the "Leased Real Property") and all amendments, modifications,
assignments, subleases, renewals, extensions and agreements relating thereto
have been made available to Parent. Section 3.17 of the Company Disclosure
Letter sets forth a true, accurate and complete list of all Owned and Leased
Real Property.   3.18 Insurance Policies. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have obtained and maintained in full force and effect insurance with
insurance companies or associations in such amounts, with such deductibles,
on such terms and covering such risks and losses, as is customarily carried
by reasonably prudent Persons conducting businesses or owning or leasing
assets similar to those conducted, owned or leased by the Company and
its Subsidiaries.   3.19 Material Contracts. Section 3.19 of the Company
Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all: (i) Contracts for borrowed money
or guarantees thereof involving a current outstanding principal amount in
excess of $100,000; (ii) Contracts containing non-compete covenants by the
Company or its Subsidiaries; (iii) other Contracts which involve the payment
or receipt of $5,000,000 or more per year; (iv) Contracts containing any
covenant: (A) limiting the right of the Company or its Subsidiaries to engage
in any material line of business or make use of any material Intellectual
Property (via License Agreement or otherwise) or (B) otherwise having an
adverse effect on the right of the Company and its Subsidiaries to sell,
distribute or manufacture any material products or services or to purchase or
otherwise obtain any material Software, components, parts or subassemblies;
and (v) all Contracts entered into between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries on the one hand and any department, agency or instrumentality of
the United States, on the other hand (the Contracts in clauses (i) through
(v), collectively, the "Material Contracts"). All Material Contracts to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which any of their
respective assets are bound, are valid and binding, in full force and effect
and enforceable against the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be,
and to the Company\'s knowledge, the other parties thereto in accordance with
their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar Laws relating to creditors\' rights and general principles of equity.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated any provision
of, or committed or failed to perform any act which, with or without notice,
lapse of time or both would constitute a default under the provisions of, any
Material Contract except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.20 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except
as set forth in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any
nature, whether or not absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise, except:
(i) liabilities or obligations reflected in any of the Company SEC Reports;
(ii) liabilities incurred after December 31, 2002 in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice; (iii) the obligations to pay fees and
expenses to the Company\'s attorneys, accountants, the Company Financial
Advisor and Houlihan Lokey (as defined in Section 3.22) relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iv) liabilities or
obligations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   3.21 Certain Business Practices. None of the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any director, officer or employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has, in furtherance of any business of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries: (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful payments relating to political
activity or (ii) made any unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee or to any foreign or domestic political party
or campaign or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977, as amended.   3.22 Fairness Opinion. The Board of Directors of the
Company has received the written opinion of Houlihan Lokey Howard and Zukin
Financial Advisors, Inc. ("Houlihan Lokey") to the effect that, as of the
date hereof, the consideration to be received by the public stockholders of
the Company pursuant to the Merger is fair to such stockholders from a
financial point of view (the "Company Fairness Opinion"). The Company has
been authorized by Houlihan Lokey to permit the inclusion of the Company
Fairness Opinion (and, subject to prior review and consent by Houlihan Lokey,
a reference thereto) in the Proxy Statement (as defined in Section
5.3(b)).   3.23 Rights Agreement. On or before the date hereof, the
Company or the Board of Directors of the Company, as the case may be, has:
(i) taken all necessary actions so that the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not result in a Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement between
the Company and the Bank of New York as Rights Agent, dated as of February 5,
2002 (the "Rights Agreement")) and (ii) amended the Rights Agreement to
render it inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.   3.24 Information Supplied. The information supplied or to
be supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 5.3(b)) and the Proxy
Statement shall not, at (i) the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective, (ii) the time the Proxy Statement (or any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto) is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company and
Parent and (iii) the time of the Company Stockholders\' Meeting (as defined
in Section 5.3(b)), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. All documents that the Company is
responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement will comply as to form and
substance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
representation or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by
Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement or Proxy Statement.   3.25 Export Licenses and
Agreements. (a) Section 3.25(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
true, correct and complete list of: (i) each export license, technical
assistance agreement, manufacturing license agreement or other form of export
approval to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or which
apply to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their operations or
assets (collectively, "Export Approvals") which is in effect as of the date
of this Agreement and (ii) each application for an Export Approval for which
the Company of any of its Subsidiaries has requested an Export Approval.  
(b) Except when the following matters, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect:
(i) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with each Export Approval
as required; (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied with the
requirements of any applicable Law pertaining to any Export Approval; (iii)
as of the effective date of each Export Approval, all representations and
certifications made by the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to any
Export Approval were accurate and the Company and its Subsidiaries have fully
complied with all such representations and certifications; and (iv) based on
its export activities, including those involving foreign nationals in the
United States and abroad, the Company and its Subsidiaries have no knowledge
of any violation by them of the Arms Export Control Act, the International
Traffic In Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act, the Export
Administration Regulations or any other United States export regulation.  
(c) To the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) there are no
pending audits or investigations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, employees or representatives and (ii) within the
five (5) years prior to the date of this Agreement, there has not been any
audit or investigation with respect to any Export Approval directed or
requested by any Governmental Entity of the Company or its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective officers, employees or representatives resulting in
findings materially adverse to the Company. During the five (5) years prior
to the date of this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not made
any voluntary disclosure to any Governmental Entity with respect to any
irregularity, misstatement or omission arising under United States trade or
transaction controls or otherwise relating to the export activities of the
Company and its Subsidiaries.   3.26 Government Contracts. (a) Except where,
individually or in the aggregate, the following matters would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, with respect to each
Government Contract (as defined below) to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or Bid (as defined below): (i) the Company or its
Subsidiary that is a party to such Government Contract or Bid has complied
with all material terms and conditions and all applicable requirements of
statute, rule, regulation, order or agreement, whether incorporated
expressly, by reference or by operation of Law; (ii) all representations and
certifications were current, accurate and complete in all material respects
when made; (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, no allegation has been
made, either orally or in writing, that the Company or its Subsidiary that is
a party to such Government Contract or Bid is in breach or violation of any
statutory, regulatory or contractual requirement; (iv) no termination for
convenience, termination for default, cure notice or show cause notice has
been issued and received by the Company or its Subsidiaries; (v) no cost
incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
subcontractors has been questioned or disallowed; and (vi) no money due to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been (or, to the knowledge of the
Company, has threatened to be) withheld or set off.   (b) Except where,
individually or in the aggregate, the following matters would not reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their current or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, former employees is (or for the three (3) years prior to the date
of this Agreement has been): (i) under administrative, civil or criminal
investigation, indictment or information, audit or internal investigation
with respect to any alleged irregularity, misstatement or omission regarding
a Government Contract or Bid or (ii) suspended or debarred from doing
business with the U.S. Government (as defined below) or any state or local
government or declared nonresponsible or ineligible for
government contracting. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
made a voluntary disclosure to any U.S. Government, state or local government
entity with respect to any alleged irregularity, misstatement or omission
arising under or relating to any Government Contract or Bid. The Company does
not have knowledge of any circumstances that would warrant the institution
of suspension or debarment proceedings or the finding of nonresponsibility
or ineligibility on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
of the current employees in the future.   (c) Neither the U.S. Government,
any state or local government nor any prime contractor, subcontractor or
vendor has asserted any claim or initiated any dispute proceeding against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their current employees, nor has
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries asserted any claim or initiated any
dispute proceeding, directly or indirectly, against any such party,
concerning any Government Contract or Bid.   (d) For purposes of this
Section 3.26, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
below:   (i) "Bid" means any quotation, bid or proposal by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries which, if accepted or awarded, would lead to
a contract with the U.S. Government or any other entity, including a
prime contractor or a higher tier subcontractor to the U.S. Government, for
the design, manufacture or sale of products or the provision of services by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;   (ii) "Government Contract" means
any prime contract, subcontract, teaming agreement or arrangement, joint
venture, basic ordering agreement, letter contract, purchase order, delivery
order, Bid, change order, arrangement or other commitment of any kind
relating to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries between
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and: (A) the U.S. Government, (B) any
prime contractor to the U.S. Government or (C) any subcontractor with respect
to any contract described in clause (A) or (B); and   (iii) "U.S.
Government" means the United States government including any and all
agencies, commissions, branches, instrumentalities and departments
thereof.   3.27 State Takeover Statutes. The restrictions on
"business combinations" (as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL) set forth in
Section 203 of the DGCL are not applicable to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. No other "fair price," "moratorium," "control share
acquisition," "business combination," or other state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation applies to the Company, Parent, Merger Sub, the
Merger, this Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the Standstill Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  EXCEPT FOR THE SPECIFIC
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 3, THE COMPANY MAKES
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING
ANY SUBJECT MATTER.   ARTICLE 4   4. Representations and Warranties of
Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub hereby represent and warrant to
the Company as of the date of this Agreement as follows:   4.1 Existence;
Good Standing; Corporate Authority. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and
carry on its business as now conducted, except where the failure to have such
power and authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected be a Parent Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section
8.7).   4.2 Authorization Validity and Effect of Agreements. Each of Parent
and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, to perform
its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and the consummation by Parent and
Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
and validly authorized by the respective Boards of Directors of Parent and
Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or
Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement and the Ancillary
Documents or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
This Agreement has been, and any Ancillary Documents at the time of execution
will have been, duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger
Sub, and (assuming this Agreement and such Ancillary Documents each
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company) constitutes and
will constitute the valid and binding obligations of each of Parent and
Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with
their respective terms (except insofar as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws
affecting creditors\' rights generally, or by principles governing the
availability of equitable remedies).   4.3 Capitalization. The authorized
capital stock of Parent consists of 30,000,000 shares of Parent Stock and
2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $10.00 per share ("Parent
Preferred"). As of August 8, 2003: (i) 22,460,348 shares of Parent Stock were
issued and outstanding and (ii) no shares of Parent Preferred were issued and
outstanding. Except for 2,689,484 outstanding options, there are no existing
or outstanding options, warrants, calls, subscriptions, convertible
securities, "phantom" stock rights, SARs, stock-based performance units or
other rights, agreements or commitments of any kind to which Parent is a
party or which obligate Parent to issue, transfer or sell or cause to be
issued, transferred or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other
voting securities or ownership interests of Parent or obligate Parent to
issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call,
subscription, convertible security, right, agreement or commitment. All
shares of capital stock of Parent to be issued in connection with the Merger,
when issued pursuant to this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   4.4 No Violation. Neither the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary
Documents by Parent and Merger Sub, nor the consummation by them of the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will: (i) violate, conflict with
or result in any breach of any provision of the respective Certificates of
Incorporation or By-Laws of Parent or Merger Sub; (ii) other than: (A) the
filings provided for in Section 1.3 hereof, (B) the filings required under
the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, any applicable state securities or
"blue sky" Laws or the rules and regulations of the NYSE and (C) the filing
of a premerger notification and report form by Parent under the HSR Act or
any applicable foreign or supranational antitrust and competition Laws,
require any consent, approval, order or authorization of, or declaration,
filing or registration by Parent or Merger Sub with, any Governmental Entity
or any other Person, the lack of which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect;
(iii) violate any Laws applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or any of their
respective properties or assets, except for violations which, individually or
in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby or have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; or (iv)
violate, conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of, constitute
a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination or in a right of
termination of, accelerate the performance required by or benefit obtainable
under, result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties
or assets of Parent or Merger Sub under, or result in there being declared
void, voidable, or without further binding effect, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, deed of trust or any License Agreement, franchise,
permit, lease, sublease, or other occupancy agreement, contract, subcontract,
agreement or other legally binding instrument, commitment or obligation,
whether written or oral, to which Parent or Merger Sub is bound, except (i)
for any of the foregoing matters which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or
(ii) in respect of the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2001 (the
"Parent Credit Agreement"), as amended and restated as of November 26, 2002,
by and among Parent, the Lenders referred to in the Parent Credit Agreement,
Wachovia Bank, National Association, TD Securities (USA), Inc., Bear Stearns
Corporate Lending, Inc. and Fleet National Bank.   4.5 Interim Operations
of Merger Sub. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in
the transactions contemplated hereby, has engaged in no other business
activities and has conducted its operations as contemplated hereby.   4.6
Financing. Merger Sub has received and furnished a copy to the Company of a
commitment letter pursuant to which Parent has received a commitment from a
nationally-recognized financial institution to make available funds to Merger
Sub for the purpose of consummating the Merger (the "Commitment Letter"). As
of the date hereof, the Commitment Letter has not been withdrawn and is in
full force and effect and there is no breach or default existing (or which
with notice or lapse of time or otherwise may exist) thereunder. The
aggregate proceeds of the financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter or
any alternative financing arrangement contemplated by Parent, together with
cash on hand, are sufficient to pay the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration, to repay the existing indebtedness of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (excluding any indebtedness the parties agree shall not be
repaid) and to pay all fees and expenses to be paid by Parent and Merger Sub
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.7 Interested
Stockholder. As of the date hereof and without taking into account the
transactions contemplated hereby, (i) neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any
of their affiliates is, with respect to the Company, an "interested
stockholder," as such term is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL and (ii)
neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any of their affiliates beneficially owns
any shares of Common Stock of the Company.   4.8 Parent SEC Reports. Since
January 1, 2002, Parent has timely filed all required forms, registrations,
prospectuses, reports, schedules, statements and other documents (including
exhibits and any amendments thereto) with the SEC required to be filed by it
pursuant to the federal securities Laws and the SEC rules and regulations
thereunder (collectively, the "Parent SEC Reports"). Parent has made
available to the Company all Parent SEC Reports filed since January 1, 2002.
As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Reports: (i) complied in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and (ii) did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Since December 31, 2002, there has not been any event or state of
facts that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   4.9 Information Supplied. The
information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement and the Proxy
Statement shall not, at (i) the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective, (ii) the time the Proxy Statement (or any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto) is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company and
Parent and (iii) the time of the Parent Stockholders\' Meeting, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. All documents that Parent or Merger Sub is responsible for filing
with the SEC in connection with the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will comply as to form and substance in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or
warranty is made by Parent or Merger Sub with respect to statements made or
incorporated by reference therein based on information supplied by the
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement or Proxy Statement.   ARTICLE 5   5. Covenants.   5.1
Alternative Proposals. (a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall, and they shall cause their officers, directors and employees and
direct their agents and representatives (including, without limitation, any
investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by the Company or its
Subsidiaries) not to initiate, solicit, or knowingly encourage, directly or
indirectly, any inquiries or the making or implementation of any Alternative
Proposal (as defined below) or participate in any negotiations concerning, or
provide any confidential information or data to, afford access to the
properties, books or records of the Company or its Subsidiaries to, or have
any discussions with, any Person relating to an Alternative Proposal,
or otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an
Alternative Proposal; provided, however, that nothing contained in this
Section 5.1 shall prohibit the Company or its Board of Directors from: (i) at
any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval (the "Company
Applicable Period"), participating in discussions or negotiations with,
providing confidential information or data to, or affording access to the
properties, books or records of the Company or its Subsidiaries to, any
Person who has made, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of
the Company after consultation with their financial advisors, a bona fide
written Alternative Proposal that would reasonably be expected to result in a
Superior Proposal (as defined below); provided that: (w) such Alternative
Proposal was not initiated, solicited or knowingly encouraged by the Company,
its Subsidiaries or their agents in violation of this Section 5.1, (x) the
Company has complied with its obligations under this Section 5.1, (y) the
Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with outside legal
counsel, determines in good faith that the failure to so participate in
discussions or negotiations, provide confidential information or data or
afford access would result in a breach of the fiduciary duty of the Board of
Directors of the Company to stockholders of the Company under applicable Law
and (z) a copy of all the information provided to such Person is delivered
simultaneously to Parent if it has not previously been furnished or made
available to Parent or (ii) making such disclosure to the Company\'s
stockholders, if the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that the failure to
disclose such information would result in a breach of the fiduciary duty of
the Board of Directors of the Company to the stockholders of the Company
under applicable Law. Any actions permitted under clauses (i) and (ii) above,
and taken in compliance with the foregoing, shall not be deemed a breach of
any other covenant or agreement of such party contained in this
Agreement.   "Alternative Proposal" means an inquiry, offer or  proposal
regarding any of the following (other than the transactions  contemplated
hereby) involving the Company: (i) any merger,  consolidation, share
exchange, recapitalization, liquidation,  dissolution, business combination
or other similar transaction; (ii)  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage,
pledge, transfer or other  disposition of 20% or more of the consolidated
assets of the Company  and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) any
tender offer  (including a self tender offer) or exchange offer that, if 
consummated, would result in any Person or group beneficially owning  more
than 20% of the outstanding shares of any class of equity  securities of the
Company or its Subsidiaries or the filing of a  registration statement under
the Securities Act in connection  therewith; or (iv) any acquisition of 20%
or more of the outstanding  shares of capital stock of the Company or the
filing of a registration  statement under the Securities Act in connection
therewith or any  other acquisition or disposition the consummation of which
would  prevent or materially diminish the benefits to Parent of the
Merger.   "Superior Proposal" means any proposal made by a third  party to
acquire, directly or indirectly, including pursuant to a  tender offer,
exchange offer, merger, consolidation, share exchange,  business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or  other similar transaction, for
100% of then outstanding shares of  Common Stock or all or substantially all
of the consolidated assets of  the Company, which the Board of Directors of
the Company determines in  good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisor) to be more  favorable to the Company and the Company\'s stockholders
from a  financial point of view than the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement taking into account at the time of determination the ability  of
the Person making such proposal to consummate the transactions  contemplated
by the proposal (based upon, among other things, the  availability of
financing and the expectation of obtaining required  approvals).   (b)
Except as expressly permitted by this Section 5.1 and Section 5.3(a)(iii),
neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof
shall: (i) withdraw, modify or fail to make, or propose to withdraw, modify
or fail to make its approval or recommendation of the Merger or of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) approve or
recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Alternative Proposal;
(iii) take any action to render the provisions of any anti-takeover statute,
rule or regulation inapplicable to any Person (other than Parent, Merger Sub
or their affiliates) or group or to any Alternative Proposal or redeem the
rights under or otherwise modify the Rights Agreement to facilitate any
Alternative Proposal; or (iv) cause the Company to accept such Alternative
Proposal and/or enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement") related to any Alternative Proposal; provided, however, that
prior to the expiration of the Company Applicable Period, the Board of
Directors of the Company may not (other than as permitted under Section
5.3(a)(iii)) take any of the actions detailed in clauses (i) through (iv)
above unless it complies with the terms of this Section 5.1(b) and (A) there
is an Alternative Proposal which is a Superior Proposal, (B) the Board of
Directors of the Company, after consultation with outside legal counsel,
determines in good faith that the failure to do so would result in a breach
of the fiduciary duty of the Board of Directors of the Company to the
stockholders of the Company under applicable Law, (C) the Company has
provided Parent at least two (2) business days prior written notice
("Superior Proposal Notice") advising Parent that the Board of Directors of
the Company has received a Superior Proposal which it intends to accept,
specifying the terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and identifying
the Person making such Superior Proposal and (D) for a period of not less
than two (2) business days after Parent\'s receipt from the Company of each
Superior Proposal Notice, the Company shall, if requested by Parent,
negotiate in good faith with Parent to revise this Agreement so that the
Superior Proposal no longer constitutes a Superior Proposal.   (c) In
addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs (a) and
(b) above, the Company shall promptly advise Parent of any request for
information or the submission or receipt of any Alternative Proposal, or any
inquiry with respect to or which would reasonably be expected to lead to any
Alternative Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request,
Alternative Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the Person making any
such request, Alternative Proposal or inquiry and its response or responses
thereto. The Company will keep Parent fully informed on a prompt basis of the
status and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such
request, Alternative Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall promptly provide
to Parent copies of all written correspondence or other written material,
including material in electronic form, between the Company and any Person
making any such request, Alternative Proposal or inquiry. The Company will
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
respect to any of the foregoing and will promptly request that all Persons
provided confidential information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries
pursuant to a confidentiality, non-disclosure or similar agreement, return to
the Company all of such confidential information, without keeping any copies
thereof (if permissible), in accordance with such confidentiality, non-
disclosure or similar agreements.   (d) The Company agrees that it will
promptly inform it and its Subsidiaries\' respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives and agents of the obligations undertaken in this
Section 5.1.   (e) Nothing contained in this Section 5.1 shall prohibit
the Company from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A
promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) making any required disclosure to
the stockholders of the Company if, in the good faith judgment of the Board
of Directors of the Company (after consultation with outside counsel),
failure to so disclose would constitute a violation of applicable Law.  
5.2 Interim Operations. (a) From the date of this Agreement until the
Effective Time, except as set forth in Section 5.2(a) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, unless Parent has consented in writing thereto,
the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to: (i) conduct its
operations according to its ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws;
(ii) use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers,
employees and consultants, and maintain satisfactory relationships with those
Persons having business relationships with them; (iii) upon the discovery
thereof, promptly notify Parent of the existence of any breach of any
representation or warranty contained herein (or, in the case of any
representation or warranty that makes no reference to Company Material
Adverse Effect or materiality, any breach of such representation or warranty
in any material respect) or the occurrence of any event that would cause any
representation or warranty contained herein no longer to be true and correct
(or, in the case of any representation or warranty that makes no reference to
Company Material Adverse Effect or materiality, to no longer be true and
correct in any material respect); (iv) promptly deliver to Parent true and
correct copies of any report, statement or schedule filed with the SEC
subsequent to the date of this Agreement; and (v) pay its Taxes when due.  
(b) From and after the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time,
except as set forth in Section 5.2(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, unless Parent has consented in writing thereto (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Company shall not, and shall
cause its Subsidiaries not to: (i) amend its Certificate of Incorporation or
By-Laws; (ii) offer, issue, sell or pledge any shares of its capital stock or
other ownership interest in the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or ownership
interest, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire or with respect to
any such shares of capital stock, ownership interest, or convertible or
exchangeable securities; (iii) effect any stock split or otherwise change
its capitalization as it exists on the date hereof; (iv) grant, confer or
award any option, warrant, convertible security or other right to acquire any
shares of its or its Subsidiaries\' capital stock; (v) declare, set aside or
pay any dividend or make any other distribution or payment with respect to
any shares of its capital stock or other ownership interests (other than such
payments by the Subsidiaries to the Company); (vi) directly or indirectly
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or
capital stock of its Subsidiaries or any securities that are convertible into
or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, or any outstanding options, warrants or rights of any kind to acquire any
shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries; (vii) sell, lease, license, mortgage, pledge,
encumber, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or
assets, whether tangible or intangible (including capital stock of its
Subsidiaries), other than the sale or disposition of inventory in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or the sale, lease
or other disposition of assets which individually or in the aggregate, are
obsolete or not material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole; (viii) acquire by merger or consolidation with, by purchase of any
equity interest of or by any other manner, any business or entity or
otherwise acquire any assets which would be material, individually or in the
aggregate, to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except for
purchases of inventory, supplies or capital equipment in the ordinary course
of business and except for the acquisition of any business, entity or assets
not having aggregate individual consideration greater than $50,000 or
aggregate consideration greater than $100,000; (ix) incur or assume any long-
term or short-term debt, except for working capital purposes and the purchase
of capital equipment in the ordinary course of business under the Company\'s
existing credit agreements set forth in Section 5.2(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter; (x) assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable or
responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations
of any other Person except its Subsidiaries; (xi) make or forgive any loans,
advances or capital continuations to, or investments in, any other Person
other than loans and advances to officers or employees in the ordinary course
of business, not to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate; (xii) increase the
compensation (or benefits) payable to or to become payable to any director,
officer or other employee, except for increases in salary or wages of non-
officer employees in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice; (xiii) establish, adopt, enter into, materially amend, or take any
action to accelerate any rights or benefits under any collective bargaining
agreement or any Plan; (xiv) effect any reorganization or recapitalization;
(xv) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities, obligations
or litigation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise) in excess of $250,000 individually and $500,000 in the aggregate,
other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in the ordinary
course of business or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities
disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the most recent consolidated
financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the
Company SEC Reports or incurred since the date of such financial statements
in the ordinary course of business, or cancel any indebtedness in excess of
$10,000 individually and $50,000 in the aggregate; (xvi) take any action that
would reasonably be expected to: (A) prevent, impair or materially delay the
ability of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Merger or (B)
cause any of the conditions to the consummation of the Merger not to be
satisfied; (xvii) make or change any Tax election, file any amended Tax
Return, enter into any closing agreement, settle or compromise any liability
with respect to Taxes, agree to any material adjustment of any Tax attribute,
file any claim for a refund of Taxes, or consent to any extension or waiver
of the limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment; or
(xviii) agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the foregoing
actions.   5.3 Company Stockholder Approval; Proxy Statement;
Parent Registration Statement. (a) The Company, acting through its Board
of Directors, shall: (i) call a meeting of its stockholders (the
"Company Stockholders\' Meeting") for the purpose of voting upon this
Agreement, (ii) hold the Company Stockholders\' Meeting as soon as
practicable following the date the Proxy Statement (as defined below) is
cleared by the SEC, and (iii) subject to its fiduciary duties under
applicable Law, recommend to its stockholders the approval and adoption of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and take all
reasonable and lawful action to solicit and obtain such approval and
adoption. The record date for the Company Stockholders\' Meeting shall be a
date chosen by the Board of Directors of the Company.   (b) As soon as
practicable after the execution of this Agreement, (i) the Company shall
prepare and file a proxy statement (such proxy statement, and any amendments
or supplements thereto, the "Proxy Statement") with the SEC with respect to
the Company Stockholders\' Meeting and (ii) Parent shall prepare and file
with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (together with all
amendments thereto, the "Registration Statement") in which the Proxy
Statement shall be included, in connection with the registration under the
Securities Act of the shares of Parent Stock to be issued to the stockholders
of the Company in connection with the Merger. Parent and the Company will
notify each other of the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff
and of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to
the Proxy Statement or the Registration Statement or for additional
information and will supply each other with copies of all correspondence
between each other or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the
SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement or
the Merger. Each party shall give the other party and its counsel the
opportunity to review the Proxy Statement prior to it being filed with
the SEC and shall give the other party and its counsel the opportunity to
review all amendments and supplements to the Proxy Statement and all
responses to requests for additional information and replies to comments
prior to their being filed with, or sent to, the SEC. Each of the Company and
Parent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts, after consultation with the
other parties hereto, to respond promptly to all such comments of and
requests by the SEC. Parent and the Company shall use their reasonable best
efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective as promptly
as practicable, and, prior to the effective date of the Registration
Statement, Parent shall take all or any action required under any applicable
federal or state securities laws in connection with such actions and the
preparation of the Registration Statement. As promptly as practicable after
the Registration Statement shall have become effective, the Company shall
mail the Proxy Statement to its stockholders. If at any time prior to the
adoption of this Agreement by the Company\'s stockholders there shall occur
any event which must be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy
Statement, the Company will prepare and mail to its stockholders such an
amendment or supplement.   (c) Except for an amendment or supplement
(including by incorporation by reference) relating to an Alternative
Proposal, a Superior Proposal or other withdrawal, qualification or
modification of a recommendation by the Board of Directors of the Company, no
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or the Registration Statement
will be made by Parent or the Company without the approval of the other party
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).   5.4 Filings;
Other Action. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall: (i) use reasonable efforts to cooperate
with one another in: (A) determining which filings are required to be made
prior to the Effective Time with, and which consents, approvals, permits or
authorizations are required to be obtained prior to the Effective Time from,
Governmental Entities (including all filings and submissions under the HSR
Act) or other third parties in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and any other Ancillary Documents and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and (B) timely making all such
filings and timely seeking all such consents, approvals, permits,
authorizations and waivers; and (ii) use reasonable efforts to take, or cause
to be taken, all other action and do, or cause to be done, all other things
necessary, proper or appropriate to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that in no
event shall Parent or any of its subsidiaries be required to agree or commit
to divest, hold separate, offer for sale, abandon, limit its operation of or
take similar action with respect to any material assets (tangible or
intangible) or any material business interests in connection with or as a
condition to receiving the consent or approval of any Governmental Entity
(including, without limitation, under the HSR Act). If, at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purpose of this Agreement, the proper officers and directors of Parent and
the Surviving Corporation shall take all such necessary action.   5.5 Access
to Information. (a) From the date of this Agreement until the Closing, each
party shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to: (i) give the other party
and its authorized representatives reasonable access during normal business
hours to all books and records (including Tax Returns) and management of such
party and its subsidiaries; (ii) permit the other party to make such copies
and inspections thereof as Parent may reasonably request; and (iii) furnish
the other party with such financial and operating data and other information
with respect to the business and properties of such party and its
subsidiaries as the other party may from time to time reasonably request;
provided that no investigation or information furnished pursuant to this
Section 5.5 shall affect any representation or warranty made herein by such
party or the conditions to the obligations of the other party to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company shall also
provide to Parent such information set forth in clauses (i)-(iii) above as
may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with Parent\'s
financing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) All
such information shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the letter
agreement, dated as of February 27, 2003, between Parent and the Company (the
"Confidentiality Agreement").   5.6 Publicity. Prior to the Effective Time,
except as required by applicable Law or listing agreement with any securities
exchange, no party shall, nor shall any party permit its affiliates to, make
any public announcement in respect of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the other parties,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The parties
hereto agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be issued jointly by the
Company and Parent immediately after the execution of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any other
agreement to which the parties hereto are parties or by which they are bound,
the obligations of confidentiality contained herein and therein, as they
relate to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall not apply to
the tax structure or tax treatment of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and each party hereto (and any employee, representative, or agent
of any party hereto) may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation
of any kind, the tax structure and tax treatment of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and all materials of any kind (including
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such party relating to
such tax treatment and tax structure; provided, however, that such disclosure
shall not include the name (or other identifying information not relevant to
the tax structure or tax treatment) of any Person and shall not include
information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to
comply with applicable securities laws.   5.7 Further Action. Each party
hereto shall, subject to the fulfillment at or before the Effective Time of
each of the conditions of performance set forth herein or the waiver thereof,
perform such further acts and execute such documents as may be reasonably
required to effect the Merger.   5.8 Insurance; Indemnity. (a) Parent will
cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect for not less than six
(6) years after the Effective Time, the Company\'s current directors and
officers\' insurance policies (or policies of at least the same coverage
containing terms and conditions no less advantageous to the current and all
former directors and officers of the Company) with respect to acts or
failures to act prior to the Effective Time, including acts relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that Parent
and the Surviving Corporation shall not be required to maintain or obtain
policies providing such coverage except to the extent such coverage can be
provided at an annual cost of no greater than 200% the most recent annual
premium paid by the Company prior to the date hereof (the "Cap"); and
provided, further, that if equivalent coverage cannot be obtained, or can be
obtained only by paying an annual premium in excess of the Cap, Parent or the
Surviving Corporation shall only be required to obtain as much coverage as
can be obtained by paying an annual premium equal to the Cap.   (b) From
and after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall
jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable Law, each Person who is, or has been at any time
prior to the date hereof or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, an
officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, an
"Indemnified Party") against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs
or expenses (including attorneys\' fees), judgments, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or pertaining to acts or
omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such,
which acts or omissions occurred prior to the Effective Time, whether
asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time. In the event of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (an "Action"), the
Surviving Corporation shall control the defense of such Action with counsel
selected by the Surviving Corporation, which counsel shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that the Indemnified
Party shall be permitted to participate in the defense of such Action through
counsel selected by the Indemnified Party, at the Indemnified Party\'s
expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any conflict between the
Surviving Corporation and any Indemnified Parties or there are additional
defenses available to any Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties shall
be permitted to participate in the defense of such Action with counsel
selected by the Indemnified Parties and Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel, as
accrued and in advance of the final disposition of such Action to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law; provided, however, that the Surviving
Corporation shall not be obligated to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
more than one counsel (in addition to any necessary local counsel) for all
Indemnified Parties in any single Action except to the extent that
Indemnified Parties have conflicting interests in the outcome of such
Action.   (c) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to keep in
effect in its Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provisions at least
as favorable as the provisions in the Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation
and By-Laws that provide for exculpation of director and officer liability
and indemnification (and advancement of expenses related thereto) of the past
and present officers and directors of the Company to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL and such provisions shall not be amended except as
either required by applicable Law or to make changes permitted by Law that
would enhance the rights of past or present officers and directors to
exculpation, indemnification or advancement of expenses.   (d) If Parent or
the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns:
(i) shall consolidate with or merge into any other Person and shall not be
the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger or (ii) shall transfer all or substantially all of its properties and
assets to any Person, then and in each such case, proper provisions shall be
made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation shall assume all of the obligations set forth in this Section
5.8.   (e) The provisions of this Section 5.8 are intended to be for
the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the Indemnified
Parties, their heirs and their representatives, and shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnified Party is entitled,
pursuant to Law, contract or otherwise. The Surviving Corporation shall pay
all expenses, including attorneys\' fees, that may be incurred by any
Indemnified Party in enforcing the indemnity obligations provided for in this
Section 5.8.   (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
5.8, neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable for
any settlement effected without its written consent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   5.9 Company Employee Plans. (a)
Except as set forth herein, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, assume, honor, and continue to perform all obligations of the
Company or any Subsidiary under all Plans pursuant to the terms thereof,
provided, however, that nothing herein shall limit the right of Parent to
amend or terminate such Plans in accordance with their terms.   (b) Parent
agrees, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Effective Time, to
provide, or to cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, employees of
Parent and the Surviving Corporation who were employees of the Company or its
Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time ("Continuing Employees")
with benefits (other than equity-based benefits) that are, in the aggregate,
similar to those provided by the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the
Effective Time. Nothing contained herein shall require Parent to continue the
employment of any employee following the Effective Time.   (c) Following
the Effective Time, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to, use all reasonable efforts to give Continuing Employees full credit for
prior service with the Company and its Subsidiaries for purposes of
eligibility and vesting under any employee benefit plan maintained by Parent
except where such crediting would: (i) result in a duplication of benefits or
(ii) otherwise cause Parent or any employee benefit plan maintained by Parent
to accrue or pay for benefits that relate to any time period prior to the
Continuing Employee\'s participation in such plan.   (d) To the extent
permissible under Parent\'s benefit plans, if a Continuing Employee
participates in a benefit plan, other than a long-term disability plan, of
Parent or any of its subsidiaries after the Effective Time, Parent shall, or
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, waive any pre-existing condition
exclusions and actively-at-work requirements and provide that any expenses
incurred on or before the Effective Time by the Continuing Employee or the
Continuing Employee\'s covered dependent shall be taken into account for
purposes of satisfying applicable deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-
pocket provisions. The Company agrees to furnish Parent with any information
necessary to meet its obligations under this Section 5.9(d).   (e) With
respect to matters described in this Agreement, the Company will consult with
Parent (and consider in good faith the advice of Parent) prior to sending any
notices or other communication materials to employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.   (f) The Company shall terminate any and all 401(k) plans of
the Company, effective not later than the day immediately preceding the date
on which the Effective Time occurs. The Company shall provide Parent
with evidence that such 401(k) plan(s) have been terminated pursuant to
a resolution of the Company\'s Board of Directors (the form and substance
of which shall be subject to review and approval by Parent) not later than
the day immediately preceding the date on which the Effective Time
occurs.   5.10 Supplemental Disclosure. The Company shall give prompt
notice to Parent, and Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company, of: (i)
the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of any event the occurrence, or non-
occurrence, of which would be likely to cause: (A) any representation or
warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate or (B) any
covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement not to be
complied with or satisfied and (ii) any failure of the Company or Parent, as
the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or
agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided,
however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.10 shall
not have any effect for the purpose of determining the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement or otherwise limit or
affect the remedies available hereunder to any party.   5.11 NYSE Listing.
Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall cause Parent Stock issuable in
connection with the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance.   5.12 Payment of Bank Debt. At the Closing,
Purchaser will cause (i) the Surviving Corporation to pay all amounts then
due and payable pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2002 among the Company, as Borrower, the
Lenders listed therein, as Lenders, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as
Administrative Agent, and CIBC World Markets Corp., as Lead Arranger, and the
other parties named therein (the "Credit Agreement") and the Loan Documents
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (ii) the Credit Agreement to be
terminated.   5.13 Board Seat. Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to
cause Robert B. McKeon to be elected to its board of directors as a Class I
director of Parent as of the Effective Time. From and after the Closing Date
until such time as Holding, Capital Fund, Capital Management and Mr. McKeon
"beneficially own" (as such term is defined under Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) less than 3% of the issued and outstanding shares of Parent
Stock, Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to cause Mr. McKeon to be
renominated as a director for election at each annual meeting of Parent\'s
stockholders at which the Class I directors of Parent stand for election.  
5.14 Parent Financing.   (a) Parent and Merger Sub will use their reasonable
commercial efforts to obtain the financing required for the consummation of
the Merger and to satisfy all conditions to funding, whether pursuant to the
Commitment Letter or otherwise. To the extent that any portion of the
financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter becomes unavailable or Parent
determines to obtain alternative financing for the Merger, Parent and Merger
Sub will use their reasonable commercial efforts to arrange for alternative
financing for the Merger.   (b) The Company shall use reasonable efforts to
provide Parent with such information, including financial statement
information and access to the Company\'s independent accountants, regarding
the Company as may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with
Parent\'s financing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(c) The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Parent Financing
Advisor may serve as a financial advisor to Parent in connection with such
Parent financing.   (d) The Company shall cooperate with Parent and
Parent\'s accountants and other advisors in order to prepare any pro forma
financial statements as may be required in connection with Parent\'s
financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter or otherwise. The Company
shall take such other actions as are reasonably requested by Parent in order
to consummate Parent\'s financing contemplated by the Commitment Letter
or otherwise, including, but not limited to, making members of its
senior management reasonably available for meetings with potential
investors, including participation in road-shows, participating in due
diligence sessions, participating in presentations to rating agencies,
inclusion of the Company\'s financial statements in a private placement or
other selling memorandum, use reasonable efforts to arrange for the
Company\'s accountants to provide a comfort letter on the Company\'s
financial statements included in any offering or other selling memorandum,
and other efforts customary for an acquired party in connection with a
financing in similar transactions.   ARTICLE 6   6. Conditions.   6.1
Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver, where permissible, prior to the Effective Time, of
the following conditions:   (a) HSR Approval. Any waiting period applicable
to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or
been terminated, and no action shall have been instituted by the Department
of Justice or Federal Trade Commission challenging or seeking to enjoin
the consummation of the Merger, which action shall have not been withdrawn
or terminated.   (b) Stockholder Approval. The Company Stockholder Approval
shall have been obtained.   (c) Effectiveness of Registration Statement.
The SEC shall have declared the Registration Statement effective and no stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part
thereof shall have been issued by the SEC and no proceeding for that purpose,
and no similar proceeding in respect of the Proxy Statement, shall have been
initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC.   (d) Listing on the NYSE.
The shares of Parent Stock to be issued in the Merger shall have been
approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.  
(e) No Order. There shall not have been issued any injunction, judgment or
other order, or issued or enacted any Law, which prohibits or has the effect
of prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or makes such consummation
illegal.   (f) Approvals. Other than the filing of merger documents
in accordance with the DGCL and filings pursuant to the HSR Act,
all authorizations, consents, waivers, orders or approvals of, or
declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting periods imposed by,
any Governmental Entity, the failure of which to obtain, make or occur would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, shall have been obtained, been filed or have
occurred.   6.2 Conditions to Obligation of Parent and Merger Sub to
Effect the Merger. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the
Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time
of the following additional conditions, unless waived in writing by
Parent:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(considered individually) shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as if made at
the Effective Time (except that representations and warranties given as of
a specific date shall be true and correct only as of such date), except as
would not, in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For
purposes of this Section 6.2(a), the representations and warranties of the
Company contained in this Agreement shall be deemed true and correct in all
material respects, and Company shall not be deemed to have breached any
such representation or warranty as a consequence of the existence of any
fact, event or circumstance, inconsistent with any representation or
warranty, unless such fact, event or circumstance, individually or taken
together with all other facts, events or circumstances inconsistent with any
representation or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement, has
had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
Company by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the
Company to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement
at or prior to the Effective Time, and Parent shall have received a
certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer or
the chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Company
Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall have
been no event, development or state of fact that results in or would
reasonably be expected to result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
(d) Consent. The Company shall have obtained the consent of each Person whose
consent shall be required in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby under any Material Contract except where the failure to obtain any
such consent, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; provided that in no event
shall the Company or its Subsidiaries modify any terms of any Material
Contract or make any payment to any third party in excess of $25,000, in
connection with obtaining such consents, without the prior written consent of
Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   6.3
Conditions to Obligation of the Company to Effect the Merger. The obligation
of the Company to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at
or prior to the Effective Time of the following additional conditions, unless
waived in writing by the Company:   (a) Representations and Warranties. Each
of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement (considered individually) shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective
Time as if made at the Effective Time (except that representations and
warranties given as of a specific date shall be true and correct only as of
such date), except as would not, in the aggregate, have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Section 6.3(a), the representations and
warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall be
deemed true and correct in all material respects, and Parent and Merger Sub
shall not be deemed to have breached any such representation and warranty as
a consequence of the existence of any fact, event or circumstance,
inconsistent with any representation or warranty, unless such fact, event or
circumstance, individually or taken together with all other facts, events or
circumstances inconsistent with any representation or warranty of Parent and
Merger Sub contained in this Agreement, has had or would reasonably be
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by the chief executive
officer or the chief financial officer of Parent to such effect.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and
Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects all obligations
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
Effective Time, and the Company shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of Parent by the chief executive officer or the chief
financial officer of Parent to such effect.   ARTICLE 7   7.
Termination   7.1 Termination. This Agreement, notwithstanding adoption of
this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company, may be terminated at any
time prior to the Effective Time:   (a) by mutual written consent of the
Company and Parent;   (b) by Parent or the Company:   (i) if the Effective
Time shall not have occurred on or before  December 15, 2003 (the "Outside
Date") (provided that the right to  terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
clause (i) shall not be  available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
obligation under this  Agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the
failure of the  Effective Time to occur on or before such date); or   (ii)
if there shall be any statute, Law, rule or regulation  that makes
consummation of the Merger illegal or prohibited, or if any  court of
competent jurisdiction in the United States or other  Governmental Entity
shall have issued an order, judgment, decree or  ruling, or taken any other
action retraining, enjoining or otherwise  prohibiting the Merger and such
order, judgment, decree, ruling or other  action shall have become final and
non-appealable;   (c) by Parent or the Company if the Company\'s Board of
Directors authorizes the Company to enter into a definitive Acquisition
Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal in accordance with the
provisions of Section 5.1;   (d) by Parent if the Board of Directors of the
Company shall have failed to recommend, or shall have withdrawn its approval
or recommendation of the Merger or shall have modified its recommendation of
the Merger, in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Sub or shall fail to
recommend against the acceptance of any tender or exchange offer that
constitutes an Alternative Proposal or shall have resolved to do any of the
foregoing;   (e) by Parent if: (i) any representation or warranty of
the Company contained in this Agreement shall not be true and correct at any
time prior to the Effective Time, in each case such that the conditions set
forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied or (ii) the Company shall not
have performed and complied with each covenant or agreement contained in
the Agreement and required to be performed or complied with by it, in each
case such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(b) would not be
satisfied, and which breach, in the case of clause (i) and (ii) above, shall
not have been cured prior to fifteen (15) days following written notice of
such breach;   (f) by the Company if: (i) any representation or warranty
of Parent or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall not be true and
correct at any time prior to the Effective Time, in each case such that the
conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied or (ii) Parent
or Merger Sub shall not have performed or complied with each covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement and required to be performed or
complied with by it, in each case such that the conditions set forth in
Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied, and which breach, in the case of
clause (i) and clause (ii) above, shall not have been cured prior to fifteen
(15) days following written notice of such breach;   (g) by Parent if there
shall have been entered any injunction, judgment ruling or decree by the
government of the United States or by any agency or instrumentality thereof
that: (i) restrains or otherwise interferes with the Merger; (ii) imposes
limitations on the ability of Parent or Merger Sub (or any of their
affiliates) effectively to acquire or hold, or requires Parent, Merger Sub or
the Company or any of their respective affiliates or Subsidiaries to dispose
of or hold separate, any material portion of the assets or the business of
any one of them; or (iii) limits or prohibits any material business activity
by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their affiliates, including, without
limitation, requiring the prior consent of any Person or entity (including
the government of the United States and any instrumentality thereof) to
future transactions by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their affiliates;   (h)
by Parent or the Company, if the stockholders of the Company fail to approve
and adopt this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at the
Company Stockholders\' Meeting; provided, however, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(h) shall not be available to
any party whose failure to fulfill any obligations under this Agreement shall
have been the cause of or result in the failure to obtain the Stockholder
Approval; or   (i) by Parent, if the financing contemplated by the
Commitment Letter shall not have become available to Parent on substantially
the terms and conditions identified in the Commitment Letter or on such other
terms or pursuant to other financing arrangements reasonably acceptable to
Parent; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 7.1(i) shall not be available to Parent if its failure to
fulfill any obligations under Section 5.14(a) shall have been the cause of or
result in the failure of such financing becoming available.   7.2 Effect of
Termination and Abandonment. In the event of termination of this Agreement
and the abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this Article 7, all obligations
of the parties hereto shall terminate, except the obligations of the parties
pursuant to this Section 7.2 and Sections 5.5(b), 5.6, 7.3, 7.4, 8.5 and 8.6
and except that nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for any
breach of any covenant or agreement under this Agreement.   7.3 Termination
Fee. If: (i) Parent or the Company, as the case may be, terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.1(b)(i), 7.1(c), or 7.1(d) and (ii) in case
of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i) an Alternative Proposal with
respect to the Company shall have been publicly announced prior to such
termination and any merger or extraordinary transaction is consummated by the
Company within six (6) months following such termination, then, in any such
case, the Company shall pay to Parent a fee ("Termination Fee"), in cash,
equal to $12.5 million; provided, however, that the Company in no event shall
be obligated to pay more than once such Termination Fee with respect to all
such agreements and occurrences and such termination. Any payment required to
be made pursuant to this Section 7.3 shall be made to Parent, by wire
transfer of immediately available same day funds to an account designated by
Parent, within two (2) business days after the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(c) or (d) or, if this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i), two business days after the consummation of
any merger or extraordinary transaction.   7.4 Termination for Failure to
Obtain Financing. If this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.1(i), Parent shall pay to the Company the sum of $17.5 million in
cash as liquidated damages. Parent and the Company hereby acknowledge that
the amount of damages which would be incurred by the Company as a result of
such termination are difficult to ascertain, and that the amount of
liquidated damages provided by this Section 7.4 is reasonable. Except as
provided in this Section 7.4, Parent shall not have any liability to the
Company in the event of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(i). The payment
required to be made by this Section 7.4 shall be made to the Company by wire
transfer of immediately available same day funds to an account designated by
the Company prior to and as a condition to termination pursuant to Section
7.1(i).   7.5 Amendment. To the extent permitted by applicable Law,
this Agreement may be amended by action taken by or on behalf of the Board
of Directors of the Company and Parent at any time before or after adoption
of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company but, after any
such stockholder approval, no amendment shall be made which by Law requires
the further approval of such stockholders without such further approval of
such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed on behalf of all of the parties.   7.6 Extension; Waiver.
At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto, by action taken by
its Board of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed: (i) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
parties hereto; (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties made to such party contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto; and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions for the benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on
the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid
only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such
party.   ARTICLE 8   8. General Provisions.   8.1 Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in
this Agreement, or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
shall survive after the Effective Time. This Section 8.1 shall not limit any
covenant or agreement of the parties hereto which by its terms contemplates
performance after the Effective Time.   8.2 Notices. All notices and other
communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing (including
facsimile or similar writing) and shall be deemed to have been duly given or
made as of the date of receipt and shall be delivered personally or mailed by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested),
sent by overnight courier or sent by facsimile (but only if the appropriate
facsimile transmission confirmation is received), to the applicable party at
the following addresses or facsimile numbers (or at such other address or
telecopy number for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   If to
Parent or Merger Sub, to:   DRS Technologies, Inc.  5 Sylvan Way 
Parsippany, New Jersey 07054  Attention: Nina L. Dunn  Telephone: (973)
898-6020  Facsimile: (973) 898-0952   with a copy to:   Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP  Four Times Square  New York, New York 10036 
Attention: Jeffrey W. Tindell, Esq.  Telephone: (212) 735-3380  Facsimile:
(917) 777-3380   If to the Company, to:   Integrated Defense Technologies,
Inc.  110 Wynn Drive  Huntsville, Alabama 35805  Attention: Chairman 
Telephone: (256) 895-2002  Facsimile: (256) 895-2004   with a copy to:  
Winston and Strawn LLP  200 Park Avenue  New York, New York 10166  
Attention: Benjamin M. Polk, Esq.  Telephone: (212) 294-6700  Facsimile:
(212) 294-4700   8.3 Assignment; Binding Effect. Neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by
any of the parties hereto, in whole or in part (whether by operation of Law
or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Any attempt to make any such assignment without such consent shall be null
and void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, except for the
provisions of Article 2 and Sections 5.8, 5.9 and 5.13 which may be enforced
directly by the beneficiaries thereof, nothing in this Agreement, expressed
or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any Person other than the
parties hereto or their respective permitted successors and assigns any
rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement.   8.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including
the Company Disclosure Letter), the Confidentiality Agreement, the Ancillary
Documents and any other documents delivered by the parties in connection
herewith constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them,
with respect thereto.   8.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without
regard to its rules of conflict of Laws. Each of the Company, Parent and
Merger Sub hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (i) consents to submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the
State of Delaware (the "Delaware Courts") for any litigation arising out of
or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and
agrees not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such
courts), (ii) waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such
litigation in the Delaware Courts and (iii) agrees not to plead or claim in
any Delaware Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in
an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives any and
all rights to trial by jury in any proceedings arising out of or related to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.   8.6 Fee and
Expenses. Except as otherwise provided herein, including, but not limited to,
in Sections 2.4(i), 7.3 and 7.4, whether or not the Merger is consummated,
all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
costs and expenses; provided that Parent will pay the entirety of the HSR Act
filing fee.   8.7 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:   (i) "affiliate" of
a Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the first mentioned Person;   (ii) "Company Material Adverse Effect" means:
(A) any change or effect that is or would reasonably be expected to be
materially adverse to the business, results of operations, assets,
liabilities or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole; provided, however, that in determining whether there has been a
Company Material Adverse Effect, any adverse effect primarily resulting from
or arising in connection with the following shall be disregarded: (w) the
taking of any action permitted or required by this Agreement or the
announcement or pendency of the Merger; (x) changes in economic, financial
market, regulatory or political conditions generally; (y) changes or
conditions (including GAAP (as defined in Section 3.7(a)), Law, regulation or
other interpretation) affecting the industry in which the Company or its
Subsidiaries operate; or (z) any matters disclosed in the Company Disclosure
Letter or (B) any event, matter, condition or effect which precludes or
delays or would reasonably be expected to preclude or delay the Company from
materially performing its material obligations under this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;   (iii) "Environmental
Claim" means any claim, action, cause of action, investigation or written
notice by any Person or entity alleging potential liability (including,
without limitation, potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup
costs, governmental response costs, natural resources damages, property
damages, personal injuries or penalties) arising out of, based on or
resulting from: (i) the presence, or release into the environment, of any
Hazardous Substance at any location, whether or not owned or operated by the
Company or any its Subsidiaries or (ii) circumstances forming the basis of
any violation, or alleged violation, of any Law relating to Environmental
Matters;   (iv) "group" has the meaning ascribed to such term under
Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act;   (v) "Hazardous Substance" means
all substances defined as Hazardous Substances, Oils, Pollutants or
Contaminants in the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution
Contingency Plan, 40 C.F.R. ss. 300.5, or defined as such by, or regulated as
such under, any Law relating to Environmental Matters;   (vi) "knowledge"
of any party hereto shall mean the actual knowledge of any of the executive
officers of that party;   (vii) "License Agreements" means all material
agreements, whether oral or written, and whether between the Company, its
Subsidiaries and third parties or intercompany, to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound: (i) granting or obtaining
any right to use or practice any rights under any Intellectual Property
(other than licenses for readily available commercial Software having an
acquisition price of less than $10,000) or (ii) restricting the Company\'s or
any of its Subsidiaries\' rights to use any Intellectual Property, including,
without limitation, license agreements, development agreements, distribution
agreements, settlement agreements, consent to use agreements and covenants
not to sue;   (viii) "Parent Material Adverse Effect" means: (A) any change
or effect that is or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to
the business, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial
condition of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (B) any event,
matter, condition or effect which precludes or delays or would reasonably be
expected to preclude or delay Parent from materially performing its
material obligations under this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby; and   (ix) "Person" means an individual,
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust,
unincorporated organization, entity or group (as defined in the Exchange
Act).   8.8 Headings. Headings of the articles and sections of
this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only, and shall be
given no substantive or interpretive effect whatsoever. The table of contents
contained in this Agreement is for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.   8.9
Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires,
words describing the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa,
words denoting any gender shall include all genders and words denoting
natural Persons shall include corporations and partnerships and vice versa.
Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be understood to be followed by the words "without
limitation."   8.10 Waivers. No action taken pursuant to this
Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation by or on behalf
of any party, nor any failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in the
exercise of any right hereunder, shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by
the party taking such action of compliance of any representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or in any of
the Ancillary Documents. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any
provision hereunder shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any
prior or subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereunder.  
8.11 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of this
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of
this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be
interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.   8.12 Enforcement of
Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with its specific terms or was otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof in any Delaware Court, this being in addition
to any other remedy to which they are entitled at Law or in equity.   8.13
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in one or
more separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered,
shall be deemed to be an original. All such counterparts shall together
constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a
number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by
all, of the parties hereto.   [Signature Page Follows]       IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement and caused the same
to be duly delivered on their behalf, on the day and year first written
above.   INTEGRATED DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    By: /s/ Robert B.
McKeon  _________________________________  Name: Robert B. McKeon  Title:
Chairman   DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.    By: /s/ Mark S. Newman 
_________________________________  Name: Mark S. Newman  Title: Chairman,
President and  Chief Executive Officer   MMC3 CORPORATION   By: /s/
Richard A. Schneider  _________________________________  Name: Richard A.
Schneider  Title: Vice President and Treasurer           '

