 EXHIBIT 2.1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER    Exhibit 2.1   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is entered into as of October 3, 2005,
by and among Dex Media, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), R.H.
Donnelley Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and Forward
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent ("Merger Sub").   RECITALS:   A. The Boards of Directors of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub have determined that it is in the best
interests of their respective companies and stockholders to enter into a
business combination pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein, and have approved this Agreement and the Merger;   B. This
Agreement contemplates (1) the merger of the Company with and into Merger Sub
(the "Merger") and (2) the conversion of the capital stock of the Company
into the right to receive cash and capital stock of Parent;   C. For federal
income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger qualify as a
"reorganization" and this Agreement shall constitute a "plan
of reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder;   D. It is intended that Parent will be treated as
the acquiring entity for accounting purposes;   E. As an inducement and
condition to Parent\'s entering into this Agreement, Parent and certain
stockholders of the Company (collectively, the "Company Sponsors") are
entering into (1) support agreements pursuant to which, among other things,
the Company Sponsors have agreed to vote in favor of the adoption of this
Agreement (the "Company Sponsors Support Agreements") and (2) stockholders
agreements (the "Sponsor Stockholders Agreements"), effective as of the
Effective Time, providing for certain rights of the Company Sponsors;   F.
In connection with the parties entering into this Agreement, Parent, R.H.
Donnelley, Inc. and certain investment partnerships affiliated with
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (collectively, the "GS Funds") are entering
into an agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the GS Funds have
agreed to vote in favor of the issuance of the Parent Shares in the Merger
(the "GS Support Agreement"); and   G. The parties desire to make certain
representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and
also to prescribe certain conditions to the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, the
parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE I. THE MERGER   1.1 The Merger.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the conditions set forth in
Article VII, and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
"DGCL"),  at the Effective Time, the Company will be merged with and into
Merger Sub, the separate corporate existence of the Company will cease and
Merger Sub will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the
"Surviving Corporation").   1.2 Effective Time. As promptly as practicable
after the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VII, the parties hereto will cause the Merger to be consummated by
filing a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in such form as is required by,
and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the DGCL (the
date and time of such filing of the Certificate of Merger (or such later time
as may be agreed by each of the parties hereto and specified in the
Certificate of Merger) being the "Effective Time").   1.3 Effect of the
Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger will be as provided
in the DGCL.   1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation. At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws of Merger Sub, attached hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B,
respectively, will be the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws,
respectively, of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in
accordance with applicable Law.   1.5 Directors and Officers of the
Surviving Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time will be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
next annual meeting (or the earlier of their resignation or removal) and
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be. The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified, as the case may be.   1.6 Bylaws of the Parent. At the
Effective Time, the Bylaws of Parent will be amended and restated in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C.   1.7 Tax Consequences. It is intended that
(i) the Merger qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code, (ii) this Agreement will constitute a "plan of
reorganization" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-2(g),
and (iii) the Company, Parent and Merger Sub will each be a party to the
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.   1.8
Headquarters. The headquarters of Parent will be in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The parties expect to maintain a significant operating presence in Denver,
Colorado.   1.9 Certain Executive Officers of Parent and Other Matters.
Immediately following the Effective Time, the individuals set forth on
Exhibit D will have the executive officer positions at Parent as set forth
therein, until the earlier of their resignation or removal and until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. In
addition, certain other matters with respect to Parent following the
Effective Time are set forth on Exhibit D.    2   1.10 Parent Board.
Effective as of the Effective Time, (i) the Parent Board shall be composed of
13 directors, consisting of (A) Parent\'s Chief Executive Officer, (B) six
individuals designated by Parent from among the members of the Parent Board
prior to the Effective Time (at least five of whom shall be independent under
the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") rules and regulations), (C) the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time, (D) one designee of each Company Sponsor, pursuant to the terms of the
Sponsor Stockholders Agreements, and (E) three individuals designated by the
Company from among the members of the Company Board prior to the Effective
Time, each of whom shall be independent under the NYSE rules and regulations
and not affiliated with any Company Sponsor (with the individuals described
in clauses (C) through (E) being referred to as the "Company Directors"),
(ii) two Company Directors shall have been assigned to each of the three
classes of directors on the Parent Board; provided, however, that
three Company Directors may be elected to the class of Parent directors whose
term expires in 2008 (with the remaining directors spread as evenly as
possible among the other two classes) and the Company will designate the
individuals to be assigned to each class in accordance with the foregoing,
and (iii) the Presiding Director (as defined in the Parent Bylaws) shall be
an individual designated by Parent from among the members of the Parent Board
prior to the Effective Time who shall be independent under the NYSE rules and
regulations.   ARTICLE II. CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES   2.1 Conversion of Securities. At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the Company,
Parent, Merger Sub or the holders of any of the following securities:   (a)
Cancellation of Certain Company Common Stock. Each share of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock") issued and
outstanding and owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent or of the Company (all issued and
outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock being hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "Company Shares") and each share of Company Common Stock
held in the treasury of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be canceled without any conversion thereof and no payment or
distribution will be made with respect thereto.   (b) Shares of Merger Sub
Stock. Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation.   (c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each
Company Share (other than any Company Shares canceled pursuant to Section
2.1(a)) will be canceled and converted automatically, subject to adjustment
in accordance with this Section 2.1 and Section 2.2, into the right to
receive (i) $12.30 in cash (the "Cash Consideration") and (ii) 0.24154 of a
share of common stock (the "Exchange Ratio"), par value $1.00 per share
("Parent Shares"), of Parent (the "Stock Consideration," together with the
Cash Consideration, the "Merger Consideration"),    3  in each case
payable upon surrender, in the manner provided in Section 2.2, of the
certificate that formerly evidenced such Company Share.   (d) Anti-Dilution
Provisions. In the event either Parent or the Company (i) changes (or
establishes a record date for changing) the number of shares of its capital
stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a
stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or
distribution of securities convertible into shares of its capital stock),
extraordinary dividends, stock combination,
recapitalization, reclassification, reorganization, combination, exchange of
shares or similar transaction or like change with respect to shares of its
capital stock or (ii) pays or makes an extraordinary dividend or distribution
in respect of shares of its capital stock (other than a distribution referred
to in clause (i) of this sentence) and, in either case, the record date
therefor is prior to the Effective Time, the Merger Consideration will be
proportionately adjusted. Cash dividends and increases thereon, the purchase
referred to in Section 6.15 and redemptions not prohibited by Sections 5.2(c)
and 5.3(c) of this Agreement will not be considered extraordinary for
purposes of the preceding sentence.   2.2 Exchange of Certificates and Cash
Consideration. (a) Exchange Agent. Parent will deposit, or cause to be
deposited, with a bank or trust company designated by Parent (the "Exchange
Agent"), for the benefit of the holders of Company Shares, for exchange in
accordance with this Article II through the Exchange Agent, certificates
representing the Parent Shares issuable pursuant to Section 2.1, and cash,
from time to time as required to make payments in respect of the Cash
Consideration and payments in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to
Section 2.2(e) (such cash and certificates for Parent Shares, together
with any dividends or distributions with respect thereto, being hereinafter
referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). The Exchange Agent will, pursuant to
irrevocable instructions, deliver the Parent Shares and cash payments
contemplated to be issued pursuant to Section 2.1 out of the Exchange Fund.
Except as contemplated by Section 2.2(f), the Exchange Fund will not be used
for any other purpose.   (b) Exchange Procedures. As promptly as practicable
after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Exchange Agent to mail to
each person who was, at the Effective Time, a holder of record of Company
Shares entitled to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section
2.1(c): (i) a letter of transmittal (which will be in customary form and will
specify that delivery will be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
certificates evidencing such Company Shares (the "Certificates") will pass,
only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and (ii)
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates pursuant
to such letter of transmittal. Upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of a
Certificate for cancellation, together with such letter of transmittal, duly
completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto,
and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions,
(i) the holder of such Certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange
therefor (A) a certificate representing that number of whole Parent Shares
which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the Company Shares
formerly represented by such Certificate (after taking into account all
Company Shares then held by such holder), if any, (B) cash in respect of the
Cash Consideration to be received by such holder, if any, (C) cash in lieu of
any fractional Parent Shares to which such holder is entitled pursuant to
Section 2.2(e), and (D) any dividends or other distributions to which such
holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.2(c) (such items described in
clauses (A) - (D), the "Delivered Items"), and (ii) the Certificate so   
4  surrendered will forthwith be cancelled. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Company Shares that is not registered in the transfer records of
the Company, the Delivered Items may be issued to a transferee if the
Certificate representing such Company Shares is presented to the Exchange
Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such
transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been
paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate
will be deemed at all times after the Effective Time to represent only the
right to receive upon such surrender the Delivered Items.   (c)
Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Parent Shares. No dividends or
other distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to
Parent Shares with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the Parent Shares
represented thereby, and no cash payment in lieu of any fractional
shares will be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.2(e), until the
holder of such Certificate surrenders such Certificate. Subject to the effect
of escheat, tax or other applicable Laws, following surrender of any such
Certificate, there will be paid to the holder of the certificates
representing whole Parent Shares issued in exchange therefor, without
interest, (i) promptly, the amount of any cash payable with respect to a
fractional Parent Share to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
2.2(e) and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective Time and theretofore paid with respect to such whole
Parent Shares and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of
dividends or other distributions, with a record date after the Effective Time
but prior to surrender and a payment date occurring after surrender, payable
with respect to such whole Parent Shares.   (d) No Further Rights in Company
Common Stock. All Merger Consideration issued upon conversion of the Company
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof (together with cash paid pursuant
to Section 2.2(c) or Section 2.2(e)) will be deemed to have been issued in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such Company Shares, including
any "Rights" under the Company Rights Agreement.   (e) No Fractional
Shares. No certificate or scrip representing fractional Parent Shares will be
issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates, and such fractional
share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other
rights of a stockholder of Parent. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, each holder of shares of Company Common Stock converted
pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a
fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all
Certificates delivered by such holder) will receive, in lieu thereof, cash
(without interest) in an amount equal to such fraction as determined below.
As promptly as practicable following the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent
will determine the excess of (i) the number of full Parent Shares delivered
to the Exchange Agent by Parent for issuance to holders of Certificates over
(ii) the aggregate number of full Parent Shares to be distributed to holders
of Company Common Stock (such excess being herein referred to as the "Excess
Shares"). As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange
Agent, as agent for such holders of Company Common Stock will sell the Excess
Shares at then prevailing prices on the NYSE all in the manner provided
herein. The sale of the Excess Shares by the Exchange Agent will be executed
on the NYSE and will be executed in round lots to the extent practicable.
Until the net proceeds of any such sale or sales have been distributed to the
holders of Company Common Stock, the Exchange Agent will hold such proceeds
in trust for such holders. Parent will pay all commissions, transfer taxes
and other out-of-pocket transaction costs of the Exchange Agent incurred in
connection with such    5  sale or sales of Excess Shares and the
Exchange Agent\'s compensation and expenses in connection with such sale or
sales. The Exchange Agent will determine the portion of such net proceeds to
which each holder of Company Common Stock will be entitled, if any, by
multiplying the amount of the aggregate net proceeds by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the amount of the fractional share interest to which
such holder of Company Common Stock is entitled (after taking into account
all Certificates then held by such holder) and the denominator of which is
the aggregate amount of fractional share interests to which all holders of
Company Common Stock are entitled. As soon as practicable after the
determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid to holders of
Certificates with respect to any fractional share interests, the Exchange
Agent will promptly pay such amounts to such holders of Company Common Stock,
subject to and in accordance with the terms of Sections 2.2(b) and (c).  
(f) Termination of Exchange Fund and Additional Exchange Fund. Any portion of
the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of Company Shares
for one year after the Effective Time will be delivered to Parent, upon
demand, and any holders of Company Shares who have not theretofore complied
with this Article II will thereafter look only to Parent for the Delivered
Items. Any portion of the Exchange Fund remaining unclaimed by holders of
Company Shares as of a date which is immediately prior to such time as
such amounts would otherwise escheat to or become property of any government
entity will, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property
of Parent free and clear of any claims or interest of any person previously
entitled thereto.   (g) No Liability. None of the Exchange Agent, Parent or
the Surviving Corporation will be liable to any holder of Company Shares for
any such Company Shares (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto),
or cash delivered to a public official pursuant to any abandoned property,
escheat or similar Law.   (h) Withholding Rights. Each of the Surviving
Corporation and Parent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
Company Shares, options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (a
"Company Stock Option") or other awards based on Company Common Stock (the
"Company Stock-Based Awards"), such amounts as it is required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any
provision of state, local or foreign tax Law. To the extent that amounts are
so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, such
withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the holder of the Company Shares, Company Stock Options or
Company Stock-Based Awards in respect of which such deduction and withholding
was made by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be. Any
amounts deducted and withheld from the consideration otherwise
payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be remitted by Parent or the
Surviving Corporation to the appropriate governmental authority on a timely
basis.   (i) Lost Certificates. If any Certificate has been lost, stolen
or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond, in such
reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen
or destroyed Certificate the Delivered Items.    6   2.3 Stock Transfer
Books. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company will be
closed and there will be no further registration of transfers of Company
Shares thereafter on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective
Time, the holders of Certificates will cease to have any rights with respect
to such Company Shares, except as provided in this Agreement or by Law. On or
after the Effective Time, subject to, with respect to the relevant holders of
Company Shares, their delivery of the Certificates required by Section 2.2 of
this Agreement, any Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent or Parent
for any reason will be converted into the Delivered Items.   2.4 Company
Options; Other Company Stock-Based Awards. (a) As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company will take such actions so
that the Company Board or, if appropriate, any committee
thereof administering the Company Stock Plans (as identified on Section
3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) adopts such resolutions and takes
such other actions (including obtaining any required consents) as may be
required to provide that each Company Stock Option that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, will, at
the Effective Time, be converted into an option to purchase a number of
shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Stock Option multiplied by 0.43077 (the "Stock
Exchange Ratio") (rounded down to the nearest whole share), at an exercise
price per share of Parent Common Stock equal to the exercise price per share
of Company Common Stock under such Company Stock Option divided by the Stock
Exchange Ratio (rounded up to the nearest whole cent), and otherwise having
the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock
Option immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, a "Company Rollover
Option"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may adjust the
conversion described in this Section 2.4(a) by modifying the exercise price
per share of Parent Common Stock and may take such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate to comply with Section 409A of the Code and
to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Company Rollover Options;
provided, however, that in no event shall any such adjustment to the
conversion described in this Section 2.4(a) increase the aggregate number of
shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the Company Rollover Options without
the prior written consent of Parent.   (b) The Company will take all
actions necessary to ensure that all restrictions and limitations on vesting,
transfer and exercise and all risk of forfeiture and rights of repurchase
with respect to Company Stock Options, shares of Company Common Stock and
other Company Stock-Based Awards, to the extent not already lapsed as of the
Effective Time, will remain in full force and effect with respect to such
Company Stock Options, shares of Company Common Stock and other Company
Stock-Based Awards after giving effect to the Merger and their conversion
into Company Rollover Options, shares of Parent Common Stock and awards
denominated in Parent Common Stock, except to the extent required by the
terms of such Company Stock Options and Company Stock-Based Awards
Benefit Plan or pursuant to any Company Benefit Plan as in effect on the date
hereof and except as set forth on Section 2.4(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule.     7    (c) Parent will prepare and file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and use reasonable best efforts to cause
to be effective prior to or at the Effective Time, a registration statement
on Form S-8 (or another appropriate form) registering under the Company Stock
Plans all shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the Company Rollover
Options and the Company Stock-Based Awards which survive the Effective Time
and become denominated in the form of Parent Common Stock. Such registration
statement will be kept effective (and the current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses required thereby will be maintained) as long as any Company
Rollover Options and Company Stock-Based Awards remain outstanding.   2.5
Appraisal Rights/Dissenting Shares. (a) Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary and to the extent available under the DGCL, Company
Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that
are held by stockholders who have neither voted in favor of the Merger
nor consented thereto in writing and who have demanded properly in writing
appraisal for such Company Shares in accordance with Section 262 of the
DGCL (collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") will not be converted into, or
represent the right to receive, the Merger Consideration payable to No
Election Shares. Such stockholders will be entitled to receive payment of the
appraised value of Dissenting Shares held by them in accordance with the
provisions of such Section 262, except that all Company Shares held by
stockholders who have failed to perfect or who effectively have withdrawn or
lost their rights to appraisal of such Dissenting Shares under such Section
262, will thereupon be deemed to have been converted into, and to have become
exchangeable for, as of the    8  Effective Time, the right to receive
the Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon, upon surrender, in
the manner provided in Section 2.2, of the certificate or certificates that
formerly evidenced such Company Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section 2.5, if the Merger is rescinded or
abandoned, then the right of any stockholder to be paid the appraised value
of such stockholder\'s Dissenting Shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL
will cease.   (b) The Company will give Parent (i) prompt (and in any event
prior to the Effective Time) notice of any demands for appraisal received by
the Company, and prompt notice of any withdrawals of such demands, and any
other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company and
(ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect
to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. The Company will not, except with
the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any
demands for appraisal or offer to settle or settle any such demands.  
ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as
disclosed in (x) a publicly available final registration statement,
prospectus, report, form, schedule or definitive proxy statement filed since
January 1, 2005 by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (collectively, the "Company SEC
Reports"), and prior to the close of business on September 30, 2005 (the
"Measurement Date"), but excluding any risk factor disclosure contained
in any such Company SEC Report under the heading "Risk Factors" or "Forward-
Looking Information," or (y) the disclosure letter (the "Company Disclosure
Schedule") delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of this
Agreement (which letter sets forth items of disclosure with specific
reference to the particular Section or subsection of this Agreement to which
the information in the Company Disclosure Schedule relates; provided,
however, that any information set forth in one section of the Company
Disclosure Schedule will be deemed to apply to each other Section or
subsection of this Agreement to which its relevance is reasonably apparent;
provided, further, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, the inclusion of an item in such schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty will not be deemed an admission that such item
represents a material exception or material fact, event or circumstance or
that such item has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company), the Company represents and warrants to Parent
as follows:   3.1 Corporate Organization. (a) The Company is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware. The Company has the corporate power and authority to own
or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it
is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so licensed or qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. As
used in this Agreement, the term "Material Adverse Effect" means, with
respect to Parent or the Company, as the case may be, any change, effect,
event, occurrence or state of facts that has had or would be reasonably
expected to have a material adverse effect on    9  (i) the business,
results of operations or financial condition of such party and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (provided, however, that with respect to
this clause (i), Material Adverse Effect will be deemed not to include
effects to the extent resulting from (A) changes in or relating to the United
States economy or United States financial, credit or securities markets in
general or (B) changes in or relating to the industries in which such party
operates or the markets for any of such party\'s products or services in
general, which changes in the case of clauses (A) and (B) do not affect such
party to a materially disproportionate degree relative to other entities
operating in such markets or industries or serving such markets) or (ii) the
ability of such party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in the manner contemplated hereby.   (b) True and complete copies
of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company, as amended through, and as in effect as of, the date of this
Agreement (including any certificates of designation thereto) (the "Company
Charter"), and the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, as amended
through, and as in effect as of, the date of this Agreement (the "Company
Bylaws"), have previously been made available to Parent.   (c) Each Company
Subsidiary (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization, (ii) is duly qualified to do business and in
good standing in all jurisdictions (whether federal, state, local or foreign)
where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified, and (iii) has all requisite corporate power
and authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted, except for such variances from the matters set
forth in any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company.   3.2 Capitalization. (a) As of the date of this Agreement, the
authorized Company capital stock consists of (i) 700,000,000 shares of
Company Common Stock of which, as of the Measurement Date, 150,508,492 shares
were issued and outstanding, and (ii) 200,000 shares of Company Series A
junior participating preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which, as
of the Measurement Date, no shares were issued and outstanding (the "Company
Series A Preferred Stock" and, together with the Company Common Stock, the
"Company Capital Stock"). As of the Measurement Date, no shares of Company
Capital Stock were held in the Company\'s treasury. As of the Measurement
Date, no shares of Company Capital Stock were reserved for issuance except
for 4,821,858 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of Company Stock Options or Company Stock-Based Awards issued or
issuable pursuant to the equity-based compensation plans identified on
Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Company Stock
Plans"). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock
have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability
attaching to the ownership thereof. As of the date of this Agreement, except
as set forth above or in the last sentence of this Section 3.2(a),
or pursuant to this Agreement and the Company Stock Plans, there are no
outstanding shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
Company, and the Company does not have and is not bound by any outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, preemptive rights,
redemption obligations or agreements of any character calling for the
purchase, issuance or registration of any shares of    10  the
Company\'s capital stock or any other equity securities of the Company or
any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
shares of the Company\'s capital stock. Section 3.2(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each
Company Stock Option and Company Stock-Based Award outstanding as of the date
of this Agreement, as applicable: (i) the name of the recipient; (ii) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option
or Company Stock-Based Award; (iii) the exercise, purchase or grant price;
(iv) the date of grant; (v) the applicable vesting schedule; (vi) the date of
expiration; (vii) the type of such awards and the Company Stock Plans under
which such Company Stock Options or Company Stock-Based Awards were issued;
and (viii) whether the exercisability of such Company Stock Option or Company
Stock-Based Award will be accelerated in any way by the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and the extent of such acceleration. From and
after the Measurement Date through the date hereof, the Company has not
issued or awarded any Company Capital Stock, Company Stock Options or Company
Stock-Based Awards (other than upon the exercise or satisfaction of Company
Stock Options or Company Stock-Based Awards or the conversion of convertible
securities, in each case outstanding as of the Measurement Date).   (b) As
of the date of this Agreement, no bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote on any matters on which
stockholders may vote ("Company Voting Debt") are issued or outstanding.  
(c) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity
ownership interests of each "significant subsidiary" (as such term is defined
under Regulation S-X of the SEC) of the Company are owned by the Company,
directly or indirectly, free and clear of any material liens,
pledges, charges and security interests and similar encumbrances, other than
for Taxes that are not yet due ("Liens"), and free of any restriction on the
right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other
equity ownership interest (other than restrictions under applicable
securities Laws), and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are
duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free
of preemptive rights. No such significant subsidiary is bound by any
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or
agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any
shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such significant
subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise
receive any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such
significant subsidiary. Except for the capital stock or other equity
ownership interests of the Company Subsidiaries, as of the date of
this Agreement, the Company does not beneficially own directly or indirectly
any capital stock, membership interest, partnership interest, joint venture
interest or other equity interest in any Person that constitutes a
Substantial Investment. As used in this Agreement, (i) "Person" means an
individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a joint stock
company, a business trust or an unincorporated organization, (ii)
"Subsidiary," when used with respect to either party, means any corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, (x) of which such party or any other
Subsidiary of such party is a general partner (excluding partnerships, the
general partnership interests of which held by such party or any Subsidiary
of such party do not have a majority of the voting interests in such
partnership) or (y) a majority of the securities or other interests of which
having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board
of Directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such
corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or   
11  controlled by such party or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or
by such party and one or more of its Subsidiaries, and the terms "Company
Subsidiary" and "Parent Subsidiary" will mean any Subsidiary of the Company
or Parent, respectively, and (iii) "Substantial Investment," when used with
respect to either party, means a stock or other equity investment having a
fair market value or book value in excess of $5 million, directly or
indirectly, in any Person.   3.3 Authority; No Violation. (a) The Company
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Company Board"). The Company Board has
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are
in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, has resolved to
recommend that holders of Company Common Stock vote in favor of the adoption
of this Agreement and has directed that this Agreement be submitted to the
Company\'s stockholders for adoption, and the Merger be submitted to the
Company\'s stockholders for approval, at a duly held meeting of such
stockholders (the "Company Stockholders Meeting"), and, except for the
adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger at such meeting by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company Shares
issued an outstanding and entitled to vote thereon ("Company
Stockholder Approval"), no other corporate proceedings on the part of the
Company or vote by the holders of any class or series of Company Capital
Stock are necessary to approve or adopt this Agreement or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes the valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights
of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies).   (b)
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance by the Company with any of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement, will (i) assuming that the Company Stockholder Approval
is obtained, violate any provision of the Company Charter or the Company
Bylaws or (ii) assuming that the consents, approvals and filings referred to
in Section 3.4 are duly obtained and/or made, (A) violate any order,
injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction
or other legal restraint or prohibition (an "Injunction") or any federal,
state, local or foreign laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
judgments, orders, Injunctions, decrees, arbitration awards, agency
requirements, licenses and permits of all Governmental Entities (each, a
"Law" and collectively, "Laws") applicable to the Company, any of the Company
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets or (B) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any
benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under,
accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of the
Company    12  Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except, in the case
of clause (ii), for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults,
terminations, rights of termination or cancellation, accelerations or Liens
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   3.4 Consents and
Approvals. Except for (i) the filing with the SEC of a Joint Proxy Statement
in definitive form relating to the Company Stockholders Meeting and the
Parent Stockholders Meeting (the "Joint Proxy Statement") and of a
registration statement on Form S-4 (the "Form S-4") in which the Joint
Proxy Statement will be included as a prospectus, and declaration of
effectiveness of the Form S-4, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger
with the Delaware Secretary of State pursuant to the DGCL, (iii) any notices
or filings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act"), (iv) such filings and approvals as are required to
be made or obtained under the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various states
in connection with the issuance of the shares of Parent capital stock
pursuant to this Agreement, (v) the Company Stockholder Approval and Parent
Stockholder Approval, and (vi) the consents or approvals listed in Section
3.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no consents or approvals of or
filings or registrations with any federal, state, local or foreign
government, court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency,
commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality (each,
a "Governmental Entity") are necessary in connection with (A) the execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or (B) the consummation by the
Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   3.5 Reports. The Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries
have timely filed all reports, registrations, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents, together with any amendments required to be made with
respect thereto, that they were required to file since July 22, 2004 with (i)
the SEC, (ii) any state or other federal regulatory authority (other than any
taxing authority, which is covered by Section 3.10), and (iii) any foreign
regulatory authority (other than any taxing authority, which is covered by
Section 3.10) (collectively, "Regulatory Agencies"), and have paid all fees
and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except in each case
under clauses (ii) and (iii) where the failure to file such report,
registration, schedule, form, statement or other document, or to pay such
fees and assessments, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. No Company SEC
Report, as of the date of such Company SEC Report, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading, except that information as of a later date (but before the date
of this Agreement) will be deemed to modify information as of an earlier
date. Since July 22, 2004, as of their respective dates, all Company
SEC Reports complied as to form in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations thereunder with respect thereto.   3.6 Financial
Statements. The Company has previously made available to Parent copies of (i)
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, the related consolidated statements of
operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2004 and December
31, 2003 and for the periods from    13  November 9 to December 31, 2002
and January 1 to November 8, 2002, and the related consolidated statements of
changes in stockholders\' equity and comprehensive loss for the years ended
December 31, 2004 and December 31, 2003 and for the period from November 9 to
December 31, 2002, as reported in the Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, including any amendments thereto
filed with the SEC prior to the Measurement Date (collectively, the "Company
2004 10-K"), filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act, accompanied by the
audit report of KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm
with respect to the Company for such periods (such balance sheets and
statements, the "Audited Company Financial Statements"), and (ii) the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2005 and the related condensed consolidated
statements of operations and cash flows for the six-month periods ended June
30, 2005 and 2004, as reported in the Company\'s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005, including any amendments
thereto filed with the SEC prior to the Measurement Date (collectively, the
"Company 10-Q") (such balance sheets and statements, the "Unaudited Company
Financial Statements" and, together with the Audited Company Financial
Statements, the "Company Financial Statements"). The consolidated balance
sheets of the Company (including the related notes, where
applicable) included in the Company Financial Statements fairly present in
all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof, and the other financial
statements included in the Company Financial Statements (including the
related notes, where applicable) fairly present in all material respects the
results of the consolidated operations, cash flows and changes in
stockholders\' equity of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries for the
respective periods therein set forth, subject in the case of the Unaudited
Company Financial Statements to normal year-end audit adjustments that are
immaterial in nature and in amounts consistent with past experience; each of
such statements (including the related notes, where applicable) complies in
all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto; and each of the Company Financial Statements (including
the related notes, where applicable) has been prepared in all material
respects in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") consistently applied during the periods involved, except, in each
case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. To the
knowledge of the Company, there is no applicable accounting rule, consensus
or pronouncement that has been adopted by the SEC, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the Emerging Issues Task Force or any similar body but is
not in effect as of the date of this Agreement that, if implemented, would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
3.7 Advisors\' Fees. None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any
of their respective officers or directors has employed any broker or finder
or incurred any liability for any broker\'s fees, commissions or finder\'s
fees in connection with the Merger or related transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, other than Lehman Brothers Inc. and Merrill Lynch and Co.
(the "Company\'s Advisors"), which firms the Company retained pursuant to
engagement letters, copies of which have been provided to Parent.   3.8
Absence of Certain Changes or Events. (a) Since June 30, 2005, no event has
occurred that has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company.    14   (b) From June 30, 2005, through the date hereof, the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries have carried on their respective
businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course and have not taken
any action or failed to take any action that would have resulted in a breach
of Section 5.2 had such section been in effect since June 30, 2005.   (c)
The aggregate amount of payments permitted to be made under the restricted
payments covenant under each of the indentures governing the notes of the
Company and Dex Media West, LLC is at least $450 million and $200
million, respectively.   3.9 Legal Proceedings. (a) None of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, legal, administrative,
arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory
investigations or reviews of any nature against the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
(b) There is no Injunction, judgment, or regulatory restriction imposed upon
the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or the assets of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
3.10 Taxes and Tax Returns. (a) Except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company: (i) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have timely filed
all Tax Returns required to be filed by them on or prior to the date of this
Agreement taking into account any extensions of time within which to file
such Tax Returns (all such returns being accurate and complete in all
material respects) and have paid all Taxes required to be paid by them other
than Taxes that are not yet due or that are being contested in good faith in
appropriate proceedings; (ii) there are no Liens for Taxes on any assets of
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries other than Liens for Taxes that are
not yet due and payable; (iii) no deficiency for any Tax has been asserted or
assessed by a taxing authority against the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries which deficiency has not been paid or is not being contested in
good faith in appropriate proceedings; (iv) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have provided adequate reserves in their financial statements
for any Taxes that have not been paid; and (v) neither the Company nor any of
the Company Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing,
allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other than such an
agreement or arrangement exclusively between or among the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries).   (b) Within the past five years, neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a "distributing
corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution intended to
qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code.   (c) Neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a party to a
transaction that, as of the date of this Agreement, constitutes a "listed
transaction" for purposes of Section 6011 of the Code and applicable Treasury
Regulations thereunder (or a similar provision of state law). To
the knowledge of the Company, the Company has disclosed to Parent all
"reportable transactions" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section    15  1.6011-4(b) (or a similar provision of state law) to which
it or any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a party.   (d) Neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has any liability for the Taxes
of any person other than the Company or the Company Subsidiaries under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   (e) Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of
deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof)
ending after the Closing Date (except consistent with its treatment of such
items in Tax Returns for prior periods) as a result of any (i) change in
method of accounting, (ii) agreement with a Tax authority relating to Taxes,
(iii) installment sale or open transaction disposition or intercompany
transaction made on or prior to the Effective Time, (iv) the completed
contract method of accounting or other method of accounting applicable to
long-term contracts (or any comparable provisions of state, local or foreign
law), or (v) prepaid amount received prior to the Effective Time.   (f) As
used in this Agreement, the term "Tax" or "Taxes" means (i) all federal,
state, local and foreign income, excise, gross receipts, gross income, ad
valorem, profits, gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use,
payroll, employment, severance, withholding, duties, intangibles, franchise,
backup withholding and other taxes, charges, levies or like assessments
together with all penalties and additions to tax and interest thereon and
(ii) any liability for Taxes described in clause (i) under Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
foreign Law), and the term "Tax Return" means any return, filing, report,
questionnaire, information statement or other document required to be filed,
including any amendments that may be filed, for any taxable period with any
taxing authority (whether or not a payment is required to be made with
respect to such filing).   3.11 Employees. (a) As of the date of this
Agreement, the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete
list of each material benefit or compensation plan, program, fund, contract,
arrangement or agreement, including any material bonus, incentive, deferred
compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option, severance, employment,
golden parachute, retention, salary continuation, change of control,
retirement, pension, profit sharing or fringe benefit plan, program, fund,
contract, arrangement or agreement of any kind (whether written or oral, tax-
qualified or non-tax qualified, funded or unfunded, foreign or domestic,
active, frozen or terminated) and any related trust, insurance contract,
escrow account or similar funding arrangement, that is maintained or
contributed to by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (or required to be
maintained or contributed to by the Company or any Company Subsidiary) for
the benefit of current or former directors, officers or employees of, or
consultants to, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries or with respect to
which the Company or the Company Subsidiaries may, directly or indirectly,
have any liability, as of the date of this Agreement (the "Company Benefit
Plans").   (b) The Company has heretofore made available to Parent true
and complete copies of (i) each written Company Benefit Plan, (ii) the
actuarial report for each Company Benefit Plan (if applicable) for each of
the last three years, (iii) the most recent determination    16  letter
from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") (if applicable) for each Company
Benefit Plan, (iv) the current summary plan description of each
Company Benefit Plan that is subject to the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), (v) a copy of the description of
each Company Benefit Plan not subject to ERISA that is currently provided to
participants in such plan, (vi) a summary of the material terms of each
unwritten Company Benefit Plan, and (vii) the annual report for each Company
Benefit Plan (if applicable) for each of the last three years.   (c) Except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (i) each of the Company
Benefit Plans has been operated and administered in compliance with its terms
and applicable Law, including ERISA and the Code, (ii) each of the
Company Benefit Plans intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of
Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and there are no existing
circumstances or any events that have occurred that would reasonably be
expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Company Benefit
Plan, and each such plan has a favorable determination letter from the IRS to
the effect that it is so qualified or the applicable remedial amendment
period has not expired and, if the letter for such plan is not current, such
plan is the subject of a timely request for a current favorable determination
letter or the applicable remedial amendment period has not expired, (iii)
with respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is subject to Title IV of
ERISA, the present value (as defined under Section 3(27) of ERISA) of
accumulated benefit obligations under such Company Benefit Plan, based upon
the actuarial assumptions used for funding purposes in the most recent
actuarial report prepared by such Company Benefit Plan\'s actuary with
respect to such Company Benefit Plan, did not, as of its latest
valuation date, exceed the then current value (as defined under Section 3(26)
of ERISA) of the assets of such Company Benefit Plan allocable to such
accrued benefits, (iv) no Company Benefit Plan that is an employee welfare
benefit plan (including any plan described in Section 3(1) of ERISA) (a
"Welfare Plan") provides benefits coverage, including death or medical
benefits coverage (whether or not insured), with respect to current or former
employees or directors of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries beyond
their retirement or other termination of service, other than (A) coverage
mandated by applicable Law, (B) benefits the full cost of which is borne by
such current or former employee or director (or his or her beneficiary), (C)
coverage through the last day of the calendar month in which retirement or
other termination of service occurs, or (D) medical expense reimbursement
accounts, (v) no liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred by the
Company, the Company Subsidiaries or any trade or business, whether or not
incorporated, all of which together with the Company would be deemed a
"single employer" within the meaning of Section 414(b), 414(c) or 414(m) of
the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA (a "Company ERISA Affiliate"), that has
not been satisfied in full, and no condition exists that presents a material
risk to the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or any Company ERISA Affiliate
of incurring a liability thereunder, (vi) no Company Benefit Plan is
a "multiemployer plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) or
a "multiple employer plan" (as described in Section 413(c) of the Code),
(vii) none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of
the Company, any other Person, including any fiduciary, has engaged in a
transaction in connection with which the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or
any Company Benefit Plan would reasonably be expected to be subject to either
a civil penalty assessed pursuant to Section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or a Tax
imposed pursuant to Section 4975 or 4976 of the Code, (viii) to the knowledge
of the Company, there are no pending, threatened or anticipated claims (other
than routine claims    17  for benefits) by, on behalf of or against any
of the Company Benefit Plans or any trusts, insurance contracts, escrow
accounts or similar funding arrangements related thereto, (ix) all
contributions or other amounts required to be paid by the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time with respect to each Company
Benefit Plan in respect of current or former plan years have been paid in
accordance with Section 412 of the Code or accrued in accordance with GAAP
(as applicable) and (x) since December 31, 2004, no Company Benefit Plan has
been amended or modified in any material respect or adopted or terminated.  
(d) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone or in
conjunction with any other event) (i) result in the Surviving Corporation or
any of its Subsidiaries being liable for any payment or benefit (including
non-deductible employee remuneration (described in Section 162(m) of the
Code), severance, retention, stay-put, change of control,
unemployment compensation, "excess parachute payment" (within the meaning of
Section 280G of the Code), tax gross-up, forgiveness of indebtedness or
otherwise) becoming due to any director, officer or employee of, or any
consultant to, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries from the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries under any Company Benefit Plan or
otherwise, (ii) increase any amounts or benefits otherwise payable or due to
any such Person under any Company Benefit Plan or otherwise, or (iii) result
in any acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of, or any requirement
to fund or secure, any such amounts or benefits (including any Company Stock
Option or Company Stock-Based Award) or result in any breach of or default
under any Company Benefit Plan.   (e) (i) There are no controversies
relating to or arising out of a collective bargaining relationship between
the Company or any Company Subsidiary and any union pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary and any of their respective employees, which controversies would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof there
are not any organizational campaigns, petitions or other activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees that would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, (iii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has
breached or otherwise failed to comply with any provision of any collective
bargaining or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by
the Company or any Company Subsidiary (including any obligation that the
Company or any Company Subsidiary can, will or may have in connection with a
sale, merger or any other like transaction) that would individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and there are no
material grievances outstanding against the Company or any Company Subsidiary
under any such agreement or contract that would, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (iv) there are no
unfair labor practice complaints pending against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary before the National Labor Relations Board or any other
Governmental Entity or any current union representation questions involving
employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary that would, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and (v)
as of the date hereof, there is no strike, slowdown, work stoppage or
lockout, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threat thereof by any union or
significant group of union workers, by or with respect to any employees of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary.    18   (f) The Company and each
Company Subsidiary is in material compliance with all applicable Laws
relating to the employment of labor, including those related to wages, hours,
collective bargaining and the payment and withholding of taxes and other sums
as required by the appropriate Governmental Entity and have withheld and paid
to the appropriate Governmental Entity or are holding for payment not yet due
to such Governmental Entity all amounts required to be withheld from
employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and are not liable for any
arrears of wages, taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with
any of the foregoing except for such failures that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company
and each Company Subsidiary has paid in full to all employees or adequately
accrued for in accordance with GAAP consistently applied all wages, salaries,
commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of
such employees and there is no claim with respect to payment of wages, salary
or overtime pay that has been asserted or is now pending or threatened before
any Governmental Entity with respect to any persons currently or
formerly employed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, that would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to, or
otherwise bound by, any consent decree with any Governmental Entity relating
to employees or employment practices. There is no charge or proceeding with
respect to a violation of any occupational safety or health standards that
has been asserted or is now pending or threatened with respect to the Company
or any Company Subsidiary, that would, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. There is no charge of
discrimination in employment or employment practices, for any reason,
including age, gender, race, religion or other legally protected category,
which has been asserted or is now pending or threatened before the United
States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other
Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary has employed or employ any person that would, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   3.12
Internal Controls. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have designed and
maintained a system of internal controls over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) sufficient to provide
reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting. The
Company (i) has designed and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure
that material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC\'s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company\'s
management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure and (ii) has disclosed to the Company\'s auditors and the audit
committee of the Company Board and Parent (A) any significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any
material respect the Company\'s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Company\'s internal controls over financial reporting.   3.13 Compliance
with Laws; Licenses. The businesses of each of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have been conducted in compliance with all Laws, except where
the    19  failure to so comply would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary is in possession of
all governmental permits, licenses, franchises, variances, exemptions, orders
issued or granted by a Governmental Entity and all other authorizations,
consents, certificates of public convenience and/or necessity and approvals
issued or granted by a Governmental Entity (collectively, "Licenses")
necessary for each of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries to own, lease
and operate its properties or to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except where the failure to have, or the suspension or
cancellation of, any such License would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. As of the date of
this Agreement, no suspension or cancellation of any such License is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, except where the failure to
have, or the suspension or cancellation of, any such License would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in conflict
with, or in default, breach or violation of, any such License, except for any
such conflicts, defaults, breaches or violations that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   3.14
Certain Contracts. (a) Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (i) that is a "material
contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of SEC Regulation S-K)
to be performed after the date of this Agreement that has not been made
available to Parent prior to the date hereof, (ii) that materially restricts
the conduct of any material line of business by the Company or, upon
consummation of the Merger, will materially restrict the ability of Parent
following the Effective Time to engage in any line of business material to
the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, Parent, (iii) with or to a
labor union or guild (including any collective bargaining agreement) except
for the Agreement, effective as of May 16, 1998, between the International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 1269 and the Company, and
the Agreement for Clerical, Production and Sales Employees, effective October
16, 2003, between the Communications Workers of America and Dex Media East,
LLC, or (iv) a credit agreement or indenture to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is a party, guarantor or by which any of them is bound and
pursuant to which Indebtedness in excess of $5,000,000 of the Company and/or
any Company Subsidiary is outstanding. Each contract, arrangement, commitment
or understanding of the type described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)
of this Section 3.14(a), whether or not set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule or made available to Parent in the case of clause (i), is referred
to as a "Company Contract," and neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries knows of, or has received notice of, any violation of any
Company Contract by any of the other parties thereto that would, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company.   (b) With such exceptions that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, (i) each Company Contract is valid and binding on the Company or
the applicable Company Subsidiary, as applicable, and is in full force and
effect, (ii) the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries has performed
all obligations required to be performed by it to date under each Company
Contract, and (iii) no event or condition exists that constitutes or, after
notice or lapse    20  of time or both, will constitute, a default on
the part of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries under any such
Company Contract.   (c) None of the confidentiality agreements or standstill
agreements the Company has entered into with a third party (or any agent
thereof) that is in effect on the date hereof contains any exclusivity or
standstill provisions that are or will be binding on the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or, after the Effective Time, the Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary.   3.15 Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Neither the Company
nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is subject to any material cease-and-
desist or other material order or enforcement action issued by, or is a party
to any material written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of
understanding with, or is a party to any material commitment letter or
similar undertaking to, or is subject to any material order or directive by,
or has been ordered to pay any material civil money penalty by, any
Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity (other than a taxing
authority, which is covered by Section 3.10), other than those of general
application that apply to similarly situated directory publication companies
or their Subsidiaries (each item in this sentence, whether or not set forth
in the Company Disclosure Schedule, a "Company Regulatory Agreement"), nor
has the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries been advised in writing
since January 1, 2004 by any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity
that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering, or requesting any such
Company Regulatory Agreement.   3.16 Undisclosed Liabilities. Except for
those liabilities that are reflected or reserved against on the Company\'s
condensed consolidated balance sheet or disclosed in the notes to the
Unaudited Company Financial Statements, in each case included in the Company
10-Q, and for liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice since June 30, 2005, since such date, neither
the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has incurred any liability of
any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and
whether due or to become due and including any off-balance sheet loans,
financings, indebtedness, make-whole or similar liabilities or obligations)
that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   3.17 Environmental Liability.
There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions, causes of
action, private environmental investigations or remediation activities, or
governmental investigations, requests for information or notices of violation
of any nature seeking to impose, or that are reasonably likely to result in
the imposition, on the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, of any
liability or obligation arising under common law or under any local, state or
federal environmental statute, regulation, permit or ordinance including the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended ("CERCLA"), which liability or obligation would, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no reasonable basis
for any such proceeding, claim, action, investigation or remediation that
would impose any liability or obligation that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on   
21  the Company. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is
subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree, directive or Lien by or
with any Governmental Entity or third party with respect to any environmental
liability or obligation that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.  
3.18 Real Property.   (a) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
owns any parcel of real property that is material to the business of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (b) Section
3.18(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists by address each material
parcel of real property leased or subleased by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary that is currently used in and material to the conduct of the
business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (the
"Company Leased Properties"), and any material guaranty given by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary in connection therewith. The Company or one of its
Subsidiaries has a valid leasehold interest in all of the Company
Leased Properties, free and clear of all Liens, except (i) Liens for current
taxes and assessments not yet past due, (ii) inchoate mechanics\' and
materialmen\'s Liens for construction in progress, (iii) workmen\'s,
repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s and carriers\' Liens arising in the ordinary
course of business of the Company or such Company Subsidiary consistent with
past practice, and (iv) all Liens and other imperfections of title (including
matters of record) and encumbrances that do not materially interfere with the
conduct of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or as have not had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively,
"Permitted Liens"). Except as has not had, and would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, the Company or one of the Company Subsidiaries has the right to
the use and occupancy of the Company Leased Properties, subject to the terms
of the applicable leases and subleases relating thereto and Permitted
Liens.   3.19 State Takeover Laws; Company Rights Agreement. (a) The Company
Board has approved this Agreement, the Company Sponsors Support Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby as required to render
inapplicable to such agreements and transactions the restrictions set forth
in Section 203 of the DGCL, and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are
no other similar "takeover" or "interested stockholder" law applicable to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (any such laws, "Takeover
Statutes").   (b) The Company has taken all action, if any, necessary or
appropriate so that (i) the execution of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not result in the
ability of any Person to exercise any "Rights" under the Rights Agreement
(the "Company Rights Agreement"), dated as of July 27, 2004, between the
Company and Wachovia Bank, N.A., (ii) neither Parent nor any of its
affiliates is or will become an "Acquiring Person" under the Company Rights
Agreement, (iii) neither a "Distribution Date" or "Shares Acquisition Date"
under the Company Rights Agreement will occur by reason of the approval,
execution, delivery or announcement of this Agreement or the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, and (iv) that the
Company Rights Agreement will terminate upon consummation of the
Merger.    22   3.20 Intellectual Property.   (a) Section 3.20(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all material (i) issued patents and
pending patent applications, (ii) trademark and service mark registrations
and applications for registration thereof, (iii) copyright registrations and
applications for registration thereof, and (iv) internet domain name
registrations, in each case that are that are owned by the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries and are material to the business of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Except as disclosed in Section
3.20(a) of the Company Disclosure, with respect to each item that is required
to be identified therein: (A) the Company or the applicable
Company Subsidiary is the sole owner and possesses all material right, title
and interest in and to the item in the listed country or jurisdiction, free
and clear of any Liens, the absence of such interest which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect of the Company and (B) neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has received written notice of any pending or threatened action,
suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim or demand
that challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, registrations, use or
ownership of the item in the listed country or jurisdiction that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company.   (b) Except as disclosed in Section 3.20(b)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company, neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is infringing or misappropriating any
material Intellectual Property rights of third parties in connection with the
operation of the Business that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.
Except as disclosed in Section 3.20(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written
charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice during the past two years (or
earlier, if not resolved) alleging any such infringement or misappropriation
that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. To the knowledge of the Company,
except as disclosed in Section 3.20(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
during the past two years (or earlier, if not resolved) no third party has
interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into
conflict with any Intellectual Property rights of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary which interference, infringement, misappropriation or conflict
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Intellectual Property" means (i) all inventions, all patents and
patent applications, (ii) all trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos,
brand names, trade names and domain names and all registrations of and
applications to register the foregoing, (iii) all copyrightable works, all
copyrights and all registrations of and applications to register the
foregoing, (iv) all trade secrets, know how and confidential business
information, and (v) all other proprietary rights that are, in the case of
clauses (i) through (v), material to the business of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   (c) The Company\'s and the Company
Subsidiaries\' use and dissemination of any data and information concerning
users of their web sites is in compliance with all applicable privacy
policies, terms of use, and Laws, the violation of which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. The transactions contemplated hereunder will
not violate any privacy policy, terms of use, or Laws    23  relating to
the use, dissemination or transfer of such data or information, except for
such violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.   3.21
Reorganization. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company is not aware of
any agreement, plan, fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected
to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   3.22 Opinions. Prior to the
execution of this Agreement, the Company has received opinions from Lehman
Brothers Inc. and Merrill Lynch and Co., copies of which have been or will
promptly be provided to Parent, to the effect that as of the date thereof and
based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein the Merger
Consideration to be received by holders of Company Common Stock is fair from
a financial point of view to such holders. Such opinions have not
been amended or rescinded as of the date of this Agreement.   3.23 Company
Information. The information relating to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries that is provided by the Company or its representatives
for inclusion in the Joint Proxy Statement and the Form S-4, or in any
other document filed with any other Regulatory Agency in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they are made, not misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement (except for
such portions thereof that relate only to Parent or any of the Parent
Subsidiaries) will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   3.24 Affiliate
Transactions. As of the date hereof, there are no transactions, contracts,
arrangements, commitments or understandings between the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of the Company\'s affiliates
(other than wholly owned Company Subsidiaries), on the other hand, that would
be required to be disclosed by the Company under Item 404 of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act (the "Company S-K 404 Arrangements").   ARTICLE IV.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Except as
disclosed in (x) a publicly available final registration statement,
prospectus, report, form, schedule or definitive proxy statement filed since
January 1, 2005 by Parent with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act (collectively, the "Parent SEC Reports") and prior to the
Measurement Date, but excluding any risk factor disclosure contained in
any such Parent SEC Report under the heading "Risk Factors" or "Forward-
Looking Statements," or (y) the disclosure letter (the "Parent Disclosure
Schedule") delivered by Parent to the Company prior to the execution of this
Agreement (which letter sets forth items of disclosure with specific
reference to the particular Section or subsection of this Agreement to which
the information in the Parent Disclosure Schedule relates; provided, however,
that any information set forth in one section of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule will be deemed to apply to each other Section or subsection of this
Agreement to which its relevance is reasonably apparent; provided,   
24  further, that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, the inclusion of an item in such schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty will not be deemed an admission that such item
represents a material exception or material fact, event or circumstance or
that such item has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent), Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   4.1 Corporate
Organization. (a) Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Parent has the
corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly
licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of the business conducted by it or the character or location of
the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing
or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b) True and complete copies
of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Parent, as amended through,
and as in effect as of, the date of this Agreement (including any
certificates of designation thereto) (the "Parent Charter"), and the Amended
and Restated By-Laws of Parent, as amended through, and as in effect as of,
the date of this Agreement (the "Parent Bylaws"), have previously been made
available to the Company.   (c) Each Parent Subsidiary (i) is duly organized
and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii)
is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in all jurisdictions
(whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of
property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified, and
(iii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, except
for such variances from the matters set forth in any of clauses (i), (ii) or
(iii) as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.2 Capitalization. (a) As
of the date of this Agreement, the authorized Parent capital stock consists
of (i) 400,000,000 shares of Parent common stock, of which, as of the
Measurement Date, 31,856,812 shares were issued and outstanding (the "Parent
Common Stock"), (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Parent Convertible Cumulative
Preferred Stock, of which, as of the Measurement Date, 100,301 shares were
issued and outstanding (the "Parent Convertible Preferred Stock"), and (iii)
400,000 shares of Series B Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, of
which, as of the Measurement Date, no shares were issued and outstanding (the
"Series B Preferred Stock" and, together with the Parent Common Stock and the
Parent Convertible Preferred Stock, the "Parent Capital Stock"). As of the
Measurement Date, no more than 19,765,082 shares of Parent\'s capital stock
were held in Parent\'s treasury. As of the Measurement Date, no shares
of Parent Capital Stock were reserved for issuance except for (i) 5,249,895
shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
Parent Stock Options or for other awards based on Parent Common Stock (the
"Parent Stock-Based Awards") issued or issuable pursuant to the Parent Stock
Plans, (ii) 6,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance
upon conversion of shares of Parent Convertible Preferred Stock, and (iii)
1,650,000 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise
of the Warrant Agreements, dated as of November 25, 2002 and January 3,   
25  2003, among Parent and the GS Funds. All of the issued and outstanding
shares of Parent Capital Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no
personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. As of the date of this
Agreement, except as set forth above or in the last sentence of this Section
4.2(a), or pursuant to this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of November 25, 2002, among Parent and the GS Funds, the Preferred
Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2002, among
Parent and the GS Funds, as amended, the Parent Stock Plans and the Parent
Charter, there are no outstanding shares of capital stock, securities
convertible into shares of Parent Common Stock or other voting securities of
Parent, and Parent does not have and is not bound by any outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, preemptive rights,
redemption obligations or agreements of any character calling for the
purchase, issuance or registration of any shares of Parent\'s capital stock
or any other equity securities of Parent or any securities representing the
right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of Parent\'s capital
stock. From and after the Measurement Date through the date hereof, Parent
has not issued or awarded any Parent Capital Stock, Parent Stock Options or
Parent Stock-Based Awards (other than upon the exercise or satisfaction of
Parent Stock Options or Parent Stock-Based Awards or the conversion of
convertible securities, in each case outstanding as of the Measurement
Date).   (b) As of the date of this Agreement, no bonds, debentures, notes
or other indebtedness of Parent having the right to vote on any matters on
which stockholders may vote ("Parent Voting Debt") are issued or
outstanding.   (c) All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock
or other equity ownership interests of each "significant subsidiary" (as such
term is defined under Regulation S-X of the SEC) of Parent are owned by
Parent, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Liens and free of any
restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital
stock or other equity ownership interest (other than restrictions under
applicable securities Laws), and all of such shares or equity ownership
interests are duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. No such significant subsidiary
is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls,
commitments or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or
issuance of any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such
significant subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase
or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock or any other equity security
of such significant subsidiary. Except for the capital stock or other equity
ownership interests of the Parent Subsidiaries, as of the date of
this Agreement, Parent does not beneficially own directly or indirectly any
capital stock, membership interest, partnership interest, joint venture
interest or other equity interest in any Person that constitutes a
Substantial Investment.   4.3 Authority; No Violation. (a) Parent has full
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of
Parent (the "Parent Board"). The Parent Board has determined that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are in the best interests
of Parent and its stockholders, has resolved to recommend that holders of
Parent Common Stock vote in favor of the approval of this Agreement, the
Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions contemplated   
26  hereby and thereby and has directed that this Agreement and the
Sponsor Stockholders Agreements be submitted to Parent\'s stockholders for
approval at a duly held meeting of such stockholders (the "Parent
Stockholders Meeting"), and, except for (i) the approval of this Agreement,
the Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby by the affirmative vote of stockholders of Parent having the
majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy at the
Parent Stockholders Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof
(assuming that the total vote cast on the proposal represents a majority in
interest of all outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock entitled to vote)
(the "Parent Stockholder Approval"), and (ii) the adoption of this Agreement
and the approval of the Merger by Parent as the sole stockholder of Merger
Sub, no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or vote by the
holders of any class or series of Parent Capital Stock are necessary to
approve or adopt this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Parent and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by the other parties hereto) constitutes the valid and binding obligation of
Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with its terms (except as
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or
similar Laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the
availability of equitable remedies).   (b) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub nor the consummation by
Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance
by Parent and Merger Sub with any of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement will (i) violate any provision of the Parent Charter or the Parent
Bylaws or (ii) assuming that the consents, approvals and filings referred to
in Section 4.4 are duly obtained and/or made, (A) violate any Injunction or
any Law applicable to Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties or assets or (B) violate, conflict with, result in a
breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by,
or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties
or assets of Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed
of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they
or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected,
except, in the case of clause (ii), for such violations, conflicts, breaches,
defaults, terminations, rights of termination or cancellation, accelerations
or Liens that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.4 Consents and
Approvals. Except for (i) the filing with the SEC of the Joint Proxy
Statement and the Form S-4 in which the Joint Proxy Statement will be
included as a prospectus, and declaration of effectiveness of the Form
S-4, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary
of State pursuant to the DGCL, (iii) any notices or filings under the HSR
Act, (iv) such filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained
under the securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with
the issuance of the shares of Parent capital stock pursuant to this
Agreement, (v) the Parent Stockholder Approval and Company Stockholder
Approval, and (vi) the consents or approvals listed in Section 4.4 of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule, no consents or approvals of or filings or
registrations with any    27  Governmental Entity are necessary in
connection with (A) the execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub of
this Agreement or (B) the consummation by Parent of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.5 Reports. Parent and each
of the Parent Subsidiaries have timely filed all reports, registrations,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents, together with any
amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that they were required
to file since January 1, 2003 with the Regulatory Agencies, and have paid all
fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where
the failure to file such report, registration, schedule, form, statement or
other document, or to pay such fees and assessments, would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent. No Parent SEC Report, as of the date of such Parent Report,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which they
were made, not misleading, except that information as of a later date (but
before the date of this Agreement) will be deemed to modify information as of
an earlier date. Since January 1, 2003, as of their respective dates, all
Parent SEC Reports complied as to form in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations thereunder with respect thereto.   4.6 Financial
Statements. Parent has previously made available to the Company copies of (i)
the consolidated balance sheet of Parent at December 31, 2004 and 2003, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in
stockholders\' equity (deficit) for the three years ended December 31, 2004,
as reported in Parent\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2004, including any amendments thereto filed with the SEC prior
to the Measurement Date (collectively, the "Parent 2004 10-K"), filed
with the SEC under the Exchange Act, accompanied by the audit report
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent public accountants with respect
to Parent (such balance sheets and statements, the "Audited Parent
Financial Statements"), and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of
Parent at June 30, 2005 and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows for the six-month ended June
30, 2005 and 2004, as reported in Parent\'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005, including any amendments thereto
filed with the SEC prior to the Measurement Date (collectively, the "Parent
10-Q") (such balance sheets and statements, the "Unaudited Parent Financial
Statements" and, together with the Audited Parent Financial Statements, the
"Parent Financial Statements"). The consolidated balance sheets of Parent
(including the related notes, where applicable) included in the Parent
Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof, and the other financial statements included in the Parent Financial
Statements (including the related notes, where applicable) fairly present in
all material respects the results of the consolidated operations, cash flows
(and in the case of the Audited Parent Financial Statements, changes in
stockholders\' equity) of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries for the
respective periods therein set forth, subject in the case of the Unaudited
Parent Financial Statements to normal year-end audit adjustments that are
immaterial in nature and in amounts consistent with past experience; each of
such statements (including the related notes, where applicable) complies in
all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto; and each of the Parent    28  Financial Statements
(including the related notes, where applicable) has been prepared in all
material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the
periods involved, except, in each case, as indicated in such statements or in
the notes thereto. To the knowledge of Parent, there is no applicable
accounting rule, consensus or pronouncement that has been adopted by the SEC,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Emerging Issues Task Force or
any similar body but is not in effect as of the date of this Agreement that,
if implemented, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.7 Advisors\' Fees. None of Parent, any Parent
Subsidiary or any of their respective officers or directors has employed any
broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s fees,
commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with the Merger or related
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than JP Morgan Securities
Inc. and Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc.   4.8 Absence of Certain Changes or
Events. (a) Since June 30, 2005, no event has occurred that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b) From June 30, 2005 through the date hereof,
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries have carried on their respective
businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course and have not taken
any action or failed to take any action that would have resulted in a breach
of Section 5.3 had such section been in effect since June 30, 2005.   4.9
Legal Proceedings. (a) None of Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries is a
party to any, and there are no pending or, to the knowledge of
Parent, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings,
claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations or reviews of
any nature against Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries, except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (b) There is no Injunction, judgment,
or regulatory restriction imposed upon Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries
or the assets of Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.10 Taxes and Tax Returns. (a) Except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent: (i) Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries
have timely filed all Tax Returns required to be filed by them on or prior to
the date of this Agreement taking into account any extension of time within
which to file such Tax Returns (all such returns being accurate and complete
in all material respects) and have paid all Taxes required to be paid by them
other than Taxes that are not yet due or that are being contested in good
faith in appropriate proceedings; (ii) there are no Liens for Taxes on any
assets of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries; (iii) no deficiency for any Tax
has been asserted or assessed by a taxing authority against Parent or any of
the Parent Subsidiaries which deficiency has not been paid or is not being
contested in good faith in appropriate proceedings; (iv) Parent and the
Parent Subsidiaries have provided adequate reserves in their financial
statements for any Taxes that have not been paid; and (v) neither Parent nor
any of the Parent    29  Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any
Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other
than such an agreement or arrangement exclusively between or among Parent and
the Parent Subsidiaries).   (b) Within the past five years, neither Parent
nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries has been a "distributing corporation" or a
"controlled corporation" in a distribution intended to qualify for tax-free
treatment under Section 355 of the Code.   (c) Neither Parent nor any of
the Parent Subsidiaries has been a party to a transaction that, as of the
date of this Agreement, constitutes a "listed transaction" for purposes of
Section 6011 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations thereunder (or a
similar provision of state law). To the knowledge of Parent, Parent has
disclosed to the Company all "reportable transactions" within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b) (or a similar provision of state law)
to which it or any of the Parent Subsidiaries has been a party.   (d)
Neither Parent nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries has any liability for the
Taxes of any person other than the Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state,
local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or
otherwise.   (e) Neither Parent nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries will be
required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction
from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after
the Closing Date (except consistent with its treatment of such items in Tax
Returns for prior periods) as a result of any (i) change in method of
accounting, (ii) agreement with a Tax authority relating to Taxes, (iii)
installment sale or open transaction disposition or intercompany transaction
made on or prior to the Effective Time, (iv) the completed contract method of
accounting or other method of accounting applicable to long-term contracts
(or any comparable provisions of state, local or foreign law), or (v) prepaid
amount received prior to the Effective Time.   4.11 Employees. (a) As of
the date of this Agreement, the Parent Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list of each material benefit or compensation plan, program,
fund, contract, arrangement or agreement, including any material bonus,
incentive, deferred compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option,
severance, employment, golden parachute, retention, salary continuation,
change of control, retirement, pension, profit sharing or fringe benefit
plan, program, fund, contract, arrangement or agreement of any kind (whether
written or oral, tax-qualified or non-tax qualified, funded or unfunded,
foreign or domestic, active, frozen or terminated) and any related trust,
insurance contract, escrow account or similar funding arrangement, that is
maintained or contributed to by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (or
required to be maintained or contributed to by Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary) for the benefit of current or former directors, officers or
employees of, or consultants to, Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries or with
respect to which Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries may, directly or
indirectly, have any liability, as of the date of this Agreement (the "Parent
Benefit Plans").   (b) Parent has heretofore made available to the Company
true and complete copies of (i) each written Parent Benefit Plan, (ii) the
actuarial report for each Parent Benefit    30  Plan (if applicable) for
each of the last three years, (iii) the most recent determination letter from
the IRS (if applicable) for each Parent Benefit Plan, (iv) the current
summary plan description of each Parent Benefit Plan that is subject to
ERISA, (v) a copy of the description of each Parent Benefit Plan not subject
to ERISA that is currently provided to participants in such plan, (vi)
a summary of the material terms of each unwritten Parent Benefit Plan, and
(vii) the annual report for each Parent Benefit Plan (if applicable) for each
of the last three years.   (c) Except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent, (i) each of the Parent Benefit Plans has been operated and
administered in compliance with its terms and applicable Law, including ERISA
and the Code, (ii) each of the Parent Benefit Plans intended to be
"qualified" within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified,
and there are no existing circumstances or any events that have occurred that
would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any
such Parent Benefit Plan, and each such plan has a favorable determination
letter from the IRS to the effect that it is so qualified or the applicable
remedial amendment period has not expired and, if the letter for such plan is
not current, such plan is the subject of a timely request for a current
favorable determination letter or the applicable remedial amendment period
has not expired, (iii) with respect to each Parent Benefit Plan that is
subject to Title IV of ERISA, the present value (as defined under Section
3(27) of ERISA) of accumulated benefit obligations under such Parent Benefit
Plan, based upon the actuarial assumptions used for funding purposes in the
most recent actuarial report prepared by such Parent Benefit Plan\'s
actuary with respect to such Parent Benefit Plan, did not, as of its latest
valuation date, exceed the then current value (as defined under Section 3(26)
of ERISA) of the assets of such Parent Benefit Plan allocable to such accrued
benefits, (iv) no Parent Benefit Plan that is a Welfare Plan provides
benefits coverage, including death or medical benefits coverage (whether or
not insured), with respect to current or former employees or directors of
Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries beyond their retirement or other
termination of service, other than (A) coverage mandated by applicable Law,
(B) benefits the full cost of which is borne by such current or former
employee or director (or his or her beneficiary), (C) coverage through the
last day of the calendar month in which retirement or other termination of
service occurs, or (D) medical expense reimbursement accounts, (v) no
liability under Title IV of ERISA has been incurred by Parent, the Parent
Subsidiaries or any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, all of
which together with Parent would be deemed a "single employer" within the
meaning of Section 414(b), 414(c) or 414(m) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of
ERISA (a "Parent ERISA Affiliate"), that has not been satisfied in full, and
no condition exists that presents a material risk to Parent, the Parent
Subsidiaries or any Parent ERISA Affiliate of incurring a liability
thereunder, (vi) no Parent Benefit Plan is a "multiemployer plan" (as such
term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) or a "multiple employer plan" (as
described in Section 413(c) of the Code), (vii) none of Parent or the
Parent Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Parent, any other Person,
including any fiduciary, has engaged in a transaction in connection with
which Parent, the Parent Subsidiaries or any Parent Benefit Plan would
reasonably be expected to be subject to either a civil penalty assessed
pursuant to Section 409 or 502(i) of ERISA or a Tax imposed pursuant to
Section 4975 or 4976 of the Code, (viii) to the knowledge of Parent, there
are no pending, threatened or anticipated claims (other than routine claims
for benefits) by, on behalf of or against any of the Parent Benefit Plans or
any trusts, insurance contracts, escrow accounts or similar funding
arrangements related thereto, (ix) all contributions or other amounts
required to be paid by Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries as of the Effective
Time with respect to each Parent Benefit Plan in    31  respect of
current or former plan years have been paid in accordance with Section 412 of
the Code or accrued in accordance with GAAP (as applicable) and (x) since
December 31, 2004, no Parent Benefit Plan has been amended or modified in any
material respect or adopted or terminated.   (d) Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone or in conjunction with any
other event) (i) result in the Surviving Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries being liable for any payment or benefit (including non-
deductible employee remuneration (described in Section 162(m) of the Code),
severance, retention, stay-put, change of control, unemployment compensation,
"excess parachute payment" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code),
tax gross-up, forgiveness of indebtedness or otherwise) becoming due to any
director, officer or employee of, or any consultant to, Parent or any of the
Parent Subsidiaries from Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries under
any Parent Benefit Plan or otherwise, (ii) increase any amounts or
benefits otherwise payable or due to any such Person under any Parent Benefit
Plan or otherwise, or (iii) result in any acceleration of the time of payment
or vesting of, or any requirement to fund or secure, any such amounts or
benefits (including any Parent Stock Option or Parent Stock-Based Award) or
result in any breach of or default under any Parent Benefit Plan.   (e) (i)
There are no controversies relating to or arising out of a collective
bargaining relationship between Parent or any Parent Subsidiary and any union
pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened between Parent or any
Parent Subsidiary and any of their respective employees, which
controversies would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent, (ii) to the knowledge of Parent, as of the date
hereof there are not any organizational campaigns, petitions or other
activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees
that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent, (iii) neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary has breached or
otherwise failed to comply with any provision of any collective bargaining or
other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by Parent or any
Parent Subsidiary (including any obligation that Parent or any Parent
subsidiary can, will or may have in connection with a sale, merger or any
other like transaction) that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and there are no material grievances
outstanding against Parent or any Parent Subsidiary under any such agreement
or contract that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent, (iv) there are no unfair labor practice complaints
pending against Parent or any Parent Subsidiary before the National Labor
Relations Board or any other Governmental Entity or any current union
representation questions involving employees of Parent or any
Parent Subsidiary that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent, and (v) as of the date hereof, there is no
strike, slowdown, work stoppage or lockout, or, to the knowledge of Parent,
threat thereof by any union or significant group of union workers, by or with
respect to any employees of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.   (f) Parent
and each Parent Subsidiary is in material compliance with all applicable Laws
relating to the employment of labor, including those related to wages, hours,
collective bargaining and the payment and withholding of taxes and other sums
as required by the appropriate Governmental Entity and have withheld and paid
to the appropriate    32  Governmental Entity or are holding for payment
not yet due to such Governmental Entity all amounts required to be withheld
from employees of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary and are not liable for any
arrears of wages, taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with
any of the foregoing except for such failures that would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent and each
Parent Subsidiary has paid in full to all employees or adequately accrued for
in accordance with GAAP consistently applied all wages, salaries,
commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of
such employees and there is no claim with respect to payment of wages, salary
or overtime pay that has been asserted or is now pending or threatened before
any Governmental Entity with respect to any persons currently or formerly
employed by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary, that would, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Neither Parent nor
any Parent Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise bound by, any consent
decree with any Governmental Entity relating to employees or employment
practices. There is no charge or proceeding with respect to a violation of
any occupational safety or health standards that has been asserted or is now
pending or threatened with respect to Parent or any Parent Subsidiary, that
would, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent. There is no charge of discrimination in employment or
employment practices, for any reason, including age, gender, race, religion
or other legally protected category, which has been asserted or is now
pending or threatened before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, or any other Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction in which
Parent or any Parent Subsidiary has employed or employ any person that would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   4.12 Internal Controls. Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries have
designed and maintained a system of internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of
financial reporting. Parent (i) has designed and maintains disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the
Exchange Act) to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by
Parent in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC\'s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated
to Parent\'s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and (ii) has disclosed to Parent\'s auditors and the
audit committee of the Parent Board (A) any significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any
material respect Parent\'s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
Parent\'s internal controls over financial reporting.   4.13 Compliance with
Laws; Licenses. The businesses of each of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries
have been conducted in compliance with all Laws, except where the failure to
so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and each Parent
Subsidiary is in possession of all Licenses necessary for each of Parent or
the Parent Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate its properties or to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to
have, or the suspension or cancellation of, any such License would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.
As of the date of this Agreement, no    33  suspension or cancellation of
any such License is pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened,
except where the failure to have, or the suspension or cancellation of, any
such License would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent. Neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary is in
conflict with, or in default, breach or violation of, any such License,
except for any such conflicts, defaults, breaches or violations that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent.   4.14 Certain Contracts. (a) Neither Parent nor any of the
Parent Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (i) that is a "material
contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of SEC Regulation S-K)
to be performed after the date of this Agreement that has not been made
available to the Company prior to the date hereof, (ii) that materially
restricts the conduct of any material line of business by Parent or upon
consummation of the Merger will materially restrict the ability of Parent
following the Effective Time to engage in any line of business material to
Parent or, to the knowledge of Parent, the Company, (iii) with or to a labor
union or guild (including any collective bargaining agreement), or (iv) a
credit agreement or indenture to which Parent or any Parent Subsidiary is a
party, guarantor or by which any of them is bound and pursuant to which
Indebtedness in excess of $5,000,000 of the Parent and/or any Parent
Subsidiary is outstanding. Each contract, arrangement, commitment
or understanding of the type described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv)
of this Section 4.14(a), whether or not set forth in the Parent Disclosure
Schedule or made available to the Company in the case of clause (i), is
referred to as a "Parent Contract," and neither Parent nor any of the Parent
Subsidiaries knows of, or has received notice of, any violation of any Parent
Contract by any of the other parties thereto that would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   (b) With such exceptions that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent, (i) each Parent Contract is valid and binding on Parent or the
applicable Parent Subsidiary, as applicable, and is in full force and effect,
(ii) Parent and each of the Parent Subsidiaries has performed all obligations
required to be performed by it to date under each Parent Contract, and (iii)
no event or condition exists that constitutes or, after notice or lapse of
time or both, will constitute, a default on the part of Parent or any of the
Parent Subsidiaries under any such Parent Contract.   (c) None of the
confidentiality agreements or standstill agreements Parent has entered into
with a third party (or any agent thereof) that is in effect on the date
hereof contains any exclusivity or standstill provisions that are or will be
binding on Parent or any Parent Subsidiary after the Effective Time.   4.15
Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Neither Parent nor any of the Parent
Subsidiaries is subject to any material cease-and-desist or other material
order or enforcement action issued by, or is a party to any material written
agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a
party to any material commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or
is subject to any material order or directive by, or has been ordered to pay
any material civil money penalty by, any Regulatory Agency or other
Governmental Entity (other than a taxing authority, which is covered by
Section 4.10), other than those of general application that apply to
similarly situated directory publication companies or their   
34  Subsidiaries (each item in this sentence, whether or not set forth in
the Parent Disclosure Schedule, a "Parent Regulatory Agreement"), nor has
Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries been advised in writing since
January 1, 2004 by any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that it
is considering issuing, initiating, ordering, or requesting any such Parent
Regulatory Agreement.   4.16 Undisclosed Liabilities. Except for those
liabilities that are reflected or reserved against on Parent\'s consolidated
balance sheet or disclosed in the notes to the Unaudited Parent Financial
Statements, in each case included in the Parent 10-Q, and for liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
since June 30, 2005, since such date, neither Parent nor any of the Parent
Subsidiaries has incurred any liability of any nature whatsoever (whether
absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due
and including any off-balance sheet loans, financings, indebtedness, make-
whole or similar liabilities or obligations) that would, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   4.17 Environmental Liability. There are no pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened legal, administrative, arbitral or other
proceedings, claims, actions, causes of action, private environmental
investigations or remediation activities, or governmental investigations,
requests for information or notices of violation of any nature seeking to
impose, or that are reasonably likely to result in the imposition, on Parent
or any of the Parent Subsidiaries, of any liability or obligation arising
under common law or under any local, state or federal environmental statute,
regulation, permit or ordinance including CERCLA, which liability or
obligation would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. To the knowledge of Parent, there
is no reasonable basis for any such proceeding, claim, action, investigation
or remediation that would impose any liability or obligation that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent. Neither Parent nor any of the Parent Subsidiaries
is subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree, directive or Lien by or
with any Governmental Entity or third party with respect to any environmental
liability or obligation that would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.18
Real Property.   (a) Section 4.18(a) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule lists
by address each parcel of real property owned by Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary that is material to the business of Parent and the Parent
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (the "Parent Owned Property").   (b) Section
4.18(b) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule lists by address each material
parcel of real property leased or subleased by the Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary that is currently used in and material to the conduct of
the business of Parent and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (the "Parent
Leased Properties" and, together with the Parent Leased Properties, the
"Parent Properties"), and any material guaranty given by Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary in connection therewith. Parent or one of the Parent Subsidiaries
validly owns, or has a valid leasehold interest in, all of the Parent
Properties, free and clear of all Liens, except (i) Liens for current taxes
and assessments not yet past due, (ii) inchoate mechanics\' and
materialmen\'s Liens    35  for construction in progress, (iii)
workmen\'s, repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s and carriers\' Liens arising in the
ordinary course of business of Parent or such Subsidiary consistent with past
practice, and (iv) all Liens and other Permitted Liens. Except as has not
had, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, Parent or one of the Parent
Subsidiaries has the right to the use and occupancy of the Parent Properties,
subject to the terms of the applicable leases and subleases relating thereto
and Permitted Liens.   4.19 State Takeover Laws. (a) The Parent Board has
approved this Agreement, the GS Support Agreement, the Company Sponsors
Support Agreements, the Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, as required to render inapplicable to such
agreements and transactions the restrictions set forth in Section 203 of the
DGCL (including any deemed agreement, arrangement or understanding for
purposes of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of Parent Shares between
the Company Sponsors as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of
this Agreement, the GS Support Agreement, the Company Sponsors Support
Agreements, the Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby), and, to the knowledge of Parent, there are
no other Takeover Statutes.   (b) As of the date hereof, Parent shall have
taken all action, if any, necessary or appropriate so that (i) the execution
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not result in the ability of any Person to exercise
any "Rights" under the Rights Agreement (the "Parent Rights Agreement"),
dated as of October 27, 1998, between Parent and First Chicago Trust Company,
as amended from time to time, (ii) (A) neither the Company nor any of its
affiliates is or will become an "Acquiring Person" under the Parent Rights
Agreement and (B) neither a "Distribution Date" nor a "Stock Acquisition
Date" under the Parent Rights Agreement will occur, in each case, by reason
of the approval, execution, delivery or announcement of this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger.
As of the date hereof, the Parent Rights Agreement shall have been amended to
provide that so long as a Company Sponsor complies with the
ownership limitations imposed on such Company Sponsor in such Company
Sponsor\'s Stockholders Agreement, then such Company Sponsor shall not be
deemed (including by participation in a "group" (as defined in Rule 13d-5
under the Exchange Act) with the other Company Sponsor) to be an "Acquiring
Person" under the Parent Rights Agreement.   4.20 Intellectual
Property.   (a) Section 4.20(a) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule lists
all material (i) trademark and service mark registrations and applications
for registration thereof, (ii) copyright registrations and applications
for registration thereof, and (iii) internet domain name registrations, in
each case that are that are owned by Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries
and are material to the business of Parent and the Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. Except as disclosed in Section 4.20(a) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, with respect to each item that is required to be identified in
therein: (A) Parent or the applicable Parent Subsidiary is the sole owner and
possesses all material right, title and interest in and to the item in the
listed country or jurisdiction, free and clear of any Liens, the absence of
such interest which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on    36  Parent; and (B)
neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary has received written notice of any
pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation,
charge, complaint, claim or demand that challenges the legality, validity,
enforceability, registrations, use or ownership of the item in the listed
country or jurisdiction that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.   (b) Except as disclosed in Section 4.20(b) of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of Parent, neither Parent nor any
Parent Subsidiary is infringing or misappropriating any material Intellectual
Property rights of third parties in connection with the operation of the
Business that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Except as disclosed in Section
4.20(b) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, neither Parent nor any Parent
Subsidiary has received any written charge, complaint, claim, demand or
notice during the past two years (or earlier, if not resolved) alleging any
such infringement or misappropriation that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent. To the knowledge of Parent, except as disclosed in Section 4.20(b),
during the past two years (or earlier, if not resolved) no third party has
interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into
conflict with any Intellectual Property rights of Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary which interference, infringement, misappropriation or conflict
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   (c) Parent\'s and the Parent
Subsidiaries\' use and dissemination of any data and information concerning
users of their web sites is in compliance with all applicable privacy
policies, terms of use, and Laws, the violation of which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent. The transactions contemplated hereunder will not
violate any privacy policy, terms of use, or Laws relating to the
use, dissemination or transfer of such data or information, except for
such violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.   4.21
Reorganization. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent is not aware of any
plan, agreement, fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   4.22 Opinions. Prior to the
execution of this Agreement, Parent has received opinions from JP Morgan
Securities Inc. and/or Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., copies of which have been or
will promptly be provided to the Company, to the effect that as of the date
thereof and based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein the
Merger Consideration to be paid by Parent is fair to Parent from a financial
point of view. Such opinions have not been amended or rescinded as of the
date of this Agreement.   4.23 Parent Information. The information relating
to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries that is provided by Parent or its
representatives for inclusion in the Joint Proxy Statement and the Form S-4,
or in any other document filed with any other Regulatory Agency in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they are made, not misleading. The    37  Joint Proxy Statement
(except for such portions thereof that relate only to the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries) will comply in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.  
4.24 Affiliate Transactions. As of the date hereof, there are
no transactions, contracts, arrangements, commitments or understandings
between Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of
Parent\'s affiliates (other than wholly owned Parent Subsidiaries), on the
other hand, that would be required to be disclosed by Parent under Item 404
of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act (the "Parent S-K 404
Arrangements").   4.25 Financing. Prior to the date hereof, Parent has
delivered to the Company true, complete and correct copies of executed
commitment letters from certain lenders (the "Financing Commitments")
committing such lenders to provide to Parent, the Company and their
respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, debt financing necessary to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. As of the
date hereof, the Financing Commitments have not been withdrawn or terminated,
and Parent has no reason to believe that the financing contemplated by the
Financing Commitments will not be available. The financing contemplated by
the Financing Commitments constitutes all of the financing required for the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Financing Commitments and the payments of all fees and expenses incurred by
Parent in connection therewith.   4.26 Merger Sub. (a) True and complete
copies of the constituent documents of Merger Sub, each as in effect as of
the date of this Agreement, have previously been made available to the
Company.   (b) The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub, as of the date
hereof, consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstanding. Parent is the legal and
beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Merger Sub.
Merger Sub was recently formed by Parent solely for the purpose of effecting
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except
as contemplated by this Agreement, Merger Sub does not hold and has not held
any material assets or incurred any material liabilities, and has not carried
on any business activities other than in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (c) Merger Sub has
full corporate or other requisite power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the
Board of Directors of Merger Sub. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by Merger Sub and (assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes the valid and
binding obligation of Merger Sub enforceable against Merger Sub in accordance
with its terms (except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar Laws affecting the rights
of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies).   
38   ARTICLE V. COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   5.1 Conduct of
Businesses Prior to the Effective Time. During the period from the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated or
permitted by this Agreement and except as specifically set forth in the
Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as applicable
(in each case subject to Section 6.1(c)), each of the Company and Parent
will, and will cause each of its respective Subsidiaries to (i) conduct its
business in the ordinary course in all material respects, (ii) use reasonable
best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization and
advantageous business relationships and retain the services of its officers
and key employees, and (iii) take no action that would prohibit or materially
impair or delay the ability of either the Company or Parent to obtain any
necessary approvals of any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental
Entity required for the transactions contemplated hereby or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.   5.2 Company Forbearances. During
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as
set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule and except as required by Law or
as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Company will
not, and will not permit any of the Company Subsidiaries to, without the
prior written consent of Parent:   (a) incur any indebtedness for borrowed
money (other than indebtedness of the Company or any of the wholly owned
Company Subsidiaries to the Company or any of the wholly owned Company
Subsidiaries or between wholly owned Company Subsidiaries) in excess of $25
million in the aggregate, or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an
accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other individual,
corporation or other entity, or make any loan or advance;   (b) adjust,
split, combine or reclassify any of the Company\'s capital stock;   (c)
make, declare or pay any dividend, or make any other distribution on, or
directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of
its capital stock or any securities or obligations convertible
(whether currently convertible or convertible only after the passage of time
or the occurrence of certain events) into or exchangeable for any shares of
its capital stock (except (i) dividends paid by any of the wholly owned
Company Subsidiaries to the Company or to any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries, (ii) regular quarterly dividends with respect to shares of
Company Common Stock not to exceed $0.09 per share per quarter for the third
and fourth quarters of the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2005 and any
subsequent fiscal quarters of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2006 that
are completed prior to the Effective Time, and (iii) the acceptance of shares
of Company Common Stock as payment for the exercise price of Company Stock
Options or for withholding taxes incurred in connection with the exercise of
Company Stock Options, in each case, in accordance with past practice and the
terms of the applicable award agreements);   (d) grant any stock
appreciation right, any Company Stock Options or any other right to acquire
any shares of its capital stock or other Company Stock-Based Awards,   
39  other than as required by employment agreements with the Company as in
effect on the date hereof;   (e) issue any additional shares of capital
stock, any Company Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, or any warrants or options to acquire, any such shares or
Company Voting Debt, except (i) pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock
Options or the satisfaction of any Company Stock-Based Awards, in each case,
outstanding and in accordance with the terms and conditions in effect as of
the date of this Agreement or issued hereafter in compliance with this
Agreement or (ii) for issuances by a wholly owned Company Subsidiary of
capital stock to such Subsidiary\'s parent or another wholly owned Company
Subsidiary;   (f) notwithstanding any other provision hereof, increase,
decrease, change or exchange any Company Common Stock for a different number
or kind of shares or securities as a result of a reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split or other similar change in capitalization;   (g) other than as
required to comply with applicable Law (including Section 409A of the Code)
or a Company Benefit Plan as in effect on the date hereof or collective
bargaining or similar labor union or other agreement the existence of which
does not breach this Agreement, (i) other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, increase the wages, salaries,
compensation, bonus, pension or other benefits or perquisites payable to any
current or former director, officer or employee, (ii) grant or increase any
severance, change of control, termination or similar compensation or benefits
payable to any current or former director, officer or employee, (iii) except
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, pay any
bonus, (iv) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend in any material respect any
Company Benefit Plan or any collective bargaining or similar labor
union agreement, (v) except for the provision of indemnification pursuant
to indemnification agreements in effect on the date hereof, enter into any
Company S-K 404 Arrangement, other than in connection with the appointment or
election of new directors or the hiring or promotion of new officers in the
ordinary course of business, or (vi) accelerate the time of payment or
vesting of, or the lapsing of restrictions with respect to, or fund or
otherwise secure the payment of, any compensation or benefits under any
Company Benefit Plan; provided, however, that in no event may any such
acceleration of vesting, lapse of restrictions or funding be as a result of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement unless required to comply with
applicable Law;   (h) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise
dispose of any of its properties or assets that are material to the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in any transaction or series
of transactions, to any Person other than the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign to any such Person any indebtedness
or any claims held by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, in each case
that is material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice);   (i) enter into any new line of business that is material to
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;    40   (j)
make any material acquisition or investment either by purchase of stock or
securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or by purchase of
any property or assets of any other Person, or make any capital expenditures,
in each case other than (i) investments in wholly owned Subsidiaries or (ii)
acquisitions of assets used in the operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;   (k) amend its Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws or similar organizational documents, or amend, or
redeem the rights issued under, the Company Rights Agreement, or otherwise
take any action to exempt any Person (other than as required pursuant to
Section 3.19(b) of this Agreement), or any action taken by any such Person,
from the Company Rights Agreement or any Takeover Statute or similarly
restrictive provisions of its organizational documents, or terminate, amend
or waive any provisions of any confidentiality or standstill agreements in
place with any third parties;   (l) settle any material claim, action or
proceeding, except (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) settlements
to the extent subject to and not in excess of reserves that relate to the
matter being settled existing as of June 30, 2005 in accordance with
GAAP;   (m) take any action that is intended or would be reasonably likely
to result in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not
being satisfied, except as may be required by applicable Law;   (n)
implement or adopt any material change in its tax accounting or financial
accounting policies, practices or methods, other than as may be required by
applicable Law, GAAP or regulatory guidelines;   (o) amend in any material
respect, waive any of its material rights under, or enter into any contract
or binding agreement that would be a Company Contract;   (p) take, or agree
to take, any action that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;   (q)
except in the ordinary course of business, sell, assign, abandon, license, or
otherwise dispose of any Intellectual Property that is used in the conduct
of, or is otherwise material to, the business of Company and the
Company Subsidiaries;   (r) pay or agree to pay to the Company\'s Advisors
any investment banking or fairness opinion fees in connection with the Merger
or related transactions contemplated by this Agreement in excess of the
amount set forth on Section 5.2(r) to the Company Disclosure Schedule; or  
(s) agree or commit to take any of the actions prohibited by this Section
5.2.   5.3 Parent Forbearances. During the period from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, except as set forth in the Parent Disclosure
Schedule (subject to Section 6.1(c)) and except as required by Law or as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, Parent will not, and
will not permit any of the Parent Subsidiaries to, without the prior written
consent of the Company:    41   (a) incur any indebtedness for borrowed
money (except for indebtedness contemplated by the Financing Commitments and
other than indebtedness of Parent or any of the wholly owned Parent
Subsidiaries to Parent or any of the wholly owned Parent Subsidiaries or
between wholly owned Parent Subsidiaries) in excess of $25 million in the
aggregate, or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation
become responsible for the obligations of any other individual, corporation
or other entity, or make any loan or advance;   (b) adjust, split, combine
or reclassify any of Parent\'s capital stock;   (c) make, declare or pay
any dividend, or make any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any
securities or obligations convertible (whether currently convertible or
convertible only after the passage of time or the occurrence of certain
events) into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock (except (i)
dividends paid by any of the wholly owned Parent Subsidiaries to Parent or to
any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, (ii) dividends paid on, or conversion
of, Parent Preferred Stock outstanding on the date hereof in accordance with
the certificate of designation for such Parent Preferred Stock, and (iii) the
acceptance of shares of Parent Common Stock as payment for the exercise price
of Parent Stock Options or for withholding taxes incurred in connection with
the exercise of Parent Stock Options, in each case, in accordance with past
practice and in accordance with applicable Law and the terms of the
applicable award agreements);   (d) issue any additional shares of capital
stock, any Parent Voting Debt or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, or any warrants or options to acquire, any such shares or
Parent Voting Debt, except (i) pursuant to the exercise of Parent Stock
Options or the satisfaction of any Parent Stock-Based Awards, in each case,
outstanding and in accordance with the terms and conditions in effect as of
the date of this Agreement or issued thereafter in compliance with this
Agreement, (ii) upon the conversion of convertible securities outstanding as
of the date of this Agreement, or (iii) for issuances by a wholly owned
Parent Subsidiary of capital stock to such Subsidiary\'s parent or another
wholly owned Parent Subsidiary;   (e) notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, increase, decrease, change or exchange any Parent Preferred Stock for
a different number or kind of shares or securities as a result of a
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock
split, reverse stock split or other similar change in capitalization, in each
case other than as required by the terms thereof as in effect on the date of
this Agreement;   (f) other than as required to comply with applicable Law
(including Section 409A of the Code) or a Parent Benefit Plan as in effect on
the date hereof or collective bargaining or similar labor union or other
agreement the existence of which does not breach this Agreement, (i) other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
increase the wages, salaries, compensation, bonus, pension or other benefits
or perquisites payable to any current or former director, officer or
employee, (ii) grant or increase any severance, change of control,
termination or similar compensation or benefits payable to any current or
former director, officer or employee, (iii) except in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice pay any bonus, (iv) adopt, enter
into, terminate or amend in any material respect any Parent Benefit Plan or
any collective bargaining or similar labor union    42  agreement, (v)
except for the provision of indemnification pursuant to indemnification
agreements in effect on the date hereof, enter into any Parent S-K 404
Arrangement, other than in connection with the appointment or election of new
directors or the hiring or promotion of new officers in the ordinary course
of business, or (vi) accelerate the time of payment or vesting of, or
the lapsing of restrictions with respect to, or fund or otherwise secure the
payment of, any compensation or benefits under any Parent Benefit Plan;
provided, however, that in no event may any such acceleration of vesting,
lapse of restrictions or funding be as a result of the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement unless required to comply with applicable Law;   (g) sell,
transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or
assets that are material to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, in any transaction or series of transactions, to any Person other than
Parent or a Parent Subsidiary or cancel, release or assign to any such Person
any indebtedness or any claims held by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary, in
each case that is material to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice);   (h) enter into any new line of business that is material to
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;   (i) make any
material acquisition or investment either by purchase of stock or securities,
contributions to capital, property transfers, or by purchase of any property
or assets of any other Person, or make any capital expenditures, in each case
other than (i) investments in wholly owned Subsidiaries or (ii) acquisitions
of assets used in the operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business;   (j) amend its Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws or similar organizational documents, or amend, or redeem the rights
issued under, the Parent Rights Agreement, or otherwise take any action to
exempt any Person (other than as required pursuant to Section 4.19(b) of this
Agreement), or any action taken by any Person, from the Parent Rights
Agreement or from any Takeover Statute or similarly restrictive provisions of
its organizational documents, or terminate, amend or waive any provisions of
any confidentiality or standstill agreements in place with any third
parties;   (k) settle any material claim, action or proceeding, except (i)
in the ordinary course of business or (ii) settlements to the extent subject
to and not in excess of reserves that relate to the matter being settled
existing as of June 30, 2005 in accordance with GAAP;   (l) take any action
that is intended or would be reasonably likely to result in any of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII not being satisfied, except
as may be required by applicable Law; or   (m) implement or adopt any
material change in its tax accounting or financial accounting policies,
practices or methods, other than as may be required by applicable Law, GAAP
or regulatory guidelines;   (n) take, or agree to take, any action that
would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;    43   (o) except in the
ordinary course of business, sell, assign, abandon, license, or otherwise
dispose of any Intellectual Property that is used in the conduct of, or is
otherwise material to, the business of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries;
or   (p) agree or commit to take any of the actions prohibited by
this Section 5.3.   5.4 Control of Other Party\'s Business. Nothing
contained in this Agreement will give Parent, directly or indirectly, the
right to control or direct the Company\'s operations prior to the Effective
Time. Nothing contained in this Agreement will give the Company, directly or
indirectly, the right to control or direct Parent\'s operations prior to the
Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, each of Parent and the Company
will exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
complete control and supervision over its respective operations.   ARTICLE
VI. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   6.1 Regulatory and Tax Matters. (a) Parent and
the Company will promptly prepare and file with the SEC the Joint Proxy
Statement and Form S-4 in which the Joint Proxy Statement will be included as
a prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. Each of Parent and
the Company will use their reasonable best efforts to have the Form S-4
declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after
such filing, and each of the Company and Parent will thereafter mail or
deliver the Joint Proxy Statement to its respective stockholders. Each party
will also use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary state
securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals required to carry out the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and each party will furnish all
information concerning such party and the holders of its capital stock as may
be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. The parties will
promptly provide copies to and consult with each other and prepare written
responses with respect to any written comments received from the SEC with
respect to the Form S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement and promptly advise the
other party of any oral comments received from the SEC.   (b) Without
limiting Section 6.4, the parties will cooperate with each other and use
their respective reasonable best efforts to promptly prepare and file all
necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions and
filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all permits,
consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental
Entities that are necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including the Merger) and to comply with the
terms and conditions of all such permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all such Governmental Entities. The Company and Parent will
have the right to review in advance, and, to the extent practicable, each
will consult the other on, in each case, subject to applicable Law relating
to the exchange of information, all the information relating to the Company
or Parent, as the case may be, and any of their respective Subsidiaries, that
appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third
party or any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of
the parties will act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. The parties
will consult with each other with respect to obtaining all permits, consents,
approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities
necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions    44  contemplated
by this Agreement, and each party will keep the other apprised of the status
of matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (c) The parties will cooperate with each other and use
their respective reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code (the
"Intended Tax Treatment"), including (A) not taking any action that such
party knows is reasonably likely to prevent the Intended Tax Treatment, (B)
executing such amendments to this Agreement as may be reasonably required in
order to obtain the Intended Tax Treatment (it being understood that no party
will be required to agree to any such amendment (x) that it determines in
good faith materially adversely affects the value of the transactions
contemplated hereby to such party or its stockholders or (y) after the date
of the Company Stockholders Meeting or the Parent Stockholders Meeting, as
applicable, which under applicable Law expressly requires the further
approval of its stockholders), and (C) using their respective reasonable best
efforts to obtain the opinions referred to in Sections 7.2(c) and 7.3(c).
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall each deliver to counsel to Parent
and counsel to the Company, for the purpose of their rendering the opinions
referred to in Sections 7.2(c) and 7.3(c), representations reasonably
requested by such counsel at such time or times as may be reasonably
requested by such counsel, including at the effective date of the Form S-4
and at the Effective Time. For tax purposes, each of the Company, Parent and
Merger Sub will report the Merger in a manner consistent with Section
1.7.   (d) Each of Parent and the Company will, upon request, furnish to
the other all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors,
officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably
necessary or advisable in connection with the Joint Proxy Statement, the Form
S-4 or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on
behalf of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any
Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   (e) Each of Parent and the Company will
promptly advise the other upon receiving any communication from any
Governmental Entity and any material communication given or received in
connection with any proceeding by a private party, in each case in connection
with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   6.2 Access to Information. (a) Upon reasonable notice and
subject to applicable Law relating to the exchange of information, each of
the Company and Parent will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
afford to the officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other
representatives of the other, reasonable access, during normal business hours
during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all its properties, books,
contracts, commitments and records, and, during such period, each party will,
and will cause its Subsidiaries to, make available to the other party (i) a
copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document
filed or received by it during such period pursuant to the requirements of
federal securities laws or federal or state laws applicable to such party
(other than reports or documents that such party is not permitted to disclose
under applicable Law) and (ii) all other information concerning its business,
properties and personnel as the other may reasonably request, including
information (financial or otherwise) regarding the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries as may be necessary or appropriate to complete the financings
contemplated by the Financing Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the    45  Company nor Parent nor any of their Subsidiaries will
be required to provide access to or to disclose information where such access
or disclosure would jeopardize the attorney-client privilege of such party or
its Subsidiaries or contravene any Law, fiduciary duty or binding agreement
entered into prior to the date of this Agreement or entered into after the
date of this Agreement in the ordinary course of business. The parties will
use their reasonable best efforts to make appropriate substitute arrangements
to permit reasonable disclosure under circumstances in which the restrictions
of the preceding sentence apply. Whenever any event occurs that is required
to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or the
offering memoranda or other materials pursuant to which the debt financing
contemplated by the Financing Commitments (the "Debt Financing") is offered
to potential purchasers or lenders (the "Debt Offer Documents"), the Company
or Parent, as the case may be, will promptly inform the other party of such
occurrence and cooperate in filing with the SEC and/or mailing to the
stockholders of the Company, in the case of the Proxy Statement, or the
extent required to the potential purchasers or lenders of the Debt Financing,
such amendment or supplement, in each case as promptly as practicable. The
information provided and to be provided by Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company, respectively, for use in the Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto and the Debt Offer Documents or any amendment
or supplement thereto, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the time of
the Company Stockholders Meeting and the Parent Stockholders Meeting, and in
the case of the Debt Offer Documents or any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Debt Offer Documents are first made available to
potential purchasers or lenders of the Debt Financing and at the time of the
consummation of the Debt Financing, will not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company
will, and will cause the Company Subsidiaries to, cooperate in good faith
with Parent\'s efforts to plan for the post-Closing integration of its
business with the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.  
(b) All information and materials provided pursuant to this Agreement will be
subject to the provisions of the Non Disclosure Agreement, dated June 13,
2005, between the Company and Parent, as amended from time to time
(the "Confidentiality Agreement").   (c) No investigation by either of the
parties or their respective representatives will affect the representations
and warranties of the other set forth in this Agreement.   6.3 Stockholder
Approvals. (a) Each of Parent and the Company will duly call, convene and
hold a meeting of its stockholders to be held as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Form S-4 is declared effective for the purpose of
obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approval and the Company
Stockholder Approval, and each will use its reasonable best efforts to cause
such meetings to occur as soon as reasonably practicable and on the same
date. Subject to Section 6.10, the Board of Directors of each of Parent and
the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from its
respective stockholders the Parent Stockholder Approval and the Company
Stockholder Approval. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing but
subject to Sections 8.1(j) and 8.1(k), respectively, Parent\'s and the
Company\'s obligations pursuant to this Section 6.3(a) will not be affected
by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or communication to
such party or its respective representatives of any Acquisition
Proposal.    46   (b) Except as permitted by Section 6.10(g), the Parent
Board will recommend to the Parent stockholders the approval of this
Agreement, the Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and will include such recommendation in the
Joint Proxy Statement.   (c) Except as permitted by Section 6.10(g), the
Company Board will recommend to the Company stockholders the adoption of this
Agreement and the approval of the Merger and will include such recommendation
in the Joint Proxy Statement.   (d) Nothing set forth in this Section 6.3
shall limit the ability of Parent or the Company to enter into an agreement
in connection with a Superior Proposal, so long as it first terminates this
Agreement in accordance with Section 8.1(j) or 8.1(k), as the case may
be.   6.4 Legal Conditions to Merger. (a) Each of Parent and the Company
will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, use their reasonable best efforts
(i) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable
to comply promptly with all legal requirements that may be imposed on such
party or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as practicable after the
date hereof and (ii) to obtain (and to cooperate with the other party to
obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption
by, any Governmental Entity and any other third party that is required to be
obtained by the Company or Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries in
connection with the Merger, the financing contemplated by the Financing
Commitments and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including all steps necessary to promptly identify any impediments to
complying with all legal requirements or to obtaining such consents,
authorizations, orders, approvals, or exemptions. Parent and Company will
cooperate with one another and with Governmental Entities to resolve or
settle any issues as early as possible and with a view to the Termination
Date. Nothing in this Agreement will require, or be deemed to require, the
parties to this Agreement to agree to take any of the following actions in
order to obtain the consent, authorization, order, approval or exemption of
any Governmental Entity in order to satisfy the condition set forth in
Section 7.1(c) where such actions would have a Material Adverse Effect on
the party taking the action or would result in a breach the obligations of
Parent or any Parent Subsidiary under the agreements listed in Section 6.4(a)
of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
under the agreements listed in Section 6.4(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule: (i) sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of assets of such
party or its Subsidiaries or conduct its business in a specified manner; (ii)
agree to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of assets of such party or
its Subsidiaries or conduct its business in a specified manner; or (iii)
permit assets of such party or its Subsidiaries to be sold, held separate or
disposed of or permit its business to be conducted in a specified manner.
This Section 6.4 does not require either the Parent or the Company to enter
into any agreement with a third party to undertake any obligations or make
any divestitures, unless such agreement is conditioned on the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) In furtherance and
not in limitation of the covenants of the parties contained in Sections 6.1
or 6.4(a), if any administrative or judicial action or proceeding, including
any proceeding by a private party, is instituted (or threatened to be
instituted) challenging any transaction contemplated by this Agreement as
violative of any applicable Law    47  or legal obligation or
requirement, or if any statute, rule, regulation or Injunction is enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by a Governmental Entity that would make the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby illegal or would
otherwise prohibit or materially impair or materially delay the consummation
of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby, each of the
Company and Parent will cooperate in all respects with each other and use its
respective reasonable best efforts to contest and resist any such action
or proceeding and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any
judgment, Injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts
consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and to have such statute, rule, regulation or Injunction repealed,
rescinded or made inapplicable so as to permit consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Section 6.4(b) will
limit either the Company\'s or Parent\'s right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Article VIII so long as such party has up to the date of
termination complied with its obligations under this Section 6.4.   (c) Each
party hereto and its Board of Directors will, if any Takeover Statute becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any other transactions
contemplated hereby, take all action reasonably necessary to ensure that the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby
and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute on this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) Immediately
following the execution of this Agreement, Parent will adopt this Agreement
as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub.   6.5 Affiliates. The Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each director, executive officer and
other Person who is an "affiliate" (for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act) of the Company to deliver to Parent, as soon as practicable
after the date of this Agreement, and prior to the date of the Company
Stockholders Meeting, a written agreement, in the form of Exhibit E.   6.6
Listing. Parent will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of
Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be authorized for listing
on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Effective
Time.   6.7 Indemnification; Directors\' and Officers\' Insurance. (a) From
and after the Effective Time, Parent will indemnify and hold harmless, as and
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each individual who is
now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who
becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries or who is or was serving at the request of
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as a director or officer of
another Person (the "Company Indemnified Parties") against any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including reimbursement for
reasonable fees and expenses incurred in advance of the final disposition of
any claim, suit, proceeding or investigation to each Company Indemnified
Party), judgments, fines and, subject to approval by Parent, amounts paid in
settlement in connection with any threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation to    48  which such Company Indemnified
Party is, or is threatened to be, made a party based in whole or in part on,
or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to (i) the fact that
such individual is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or (ii) this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, whether asserted or arising before or after
the Effective Time.   (b) Parent will cause to be maintained in effect for a
period of six years from the Effective Time the directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance policy maintained at the Effective Time by the Company
(the "Company DandO; Policy") (provided, that Parent may substitute therefor
policies of at least the same coverage and amounts and may cause coverage to
be extended under the Company DandO; Policy by obtaining a six-year "tail"
policy, in each case containing terms and conditions that are not less
advantageous than the Company DandO; Policy) with respect to claims arising
from facts, events, acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time;
provided, however, that in no event will Parent be required to expend in the
aggregate in excess of 300% of the annual aggregate premiums currently paid
by the Company for such insurance (the "Maximum Premium"). If such insurance
coverage cannot be obtained at all, or can only be obtained at an annual
premium in excess of the Maximum Premium, Parent will cause to be maintained
the most advantageous policies of directors\' and officers\' insurance
obtainable for an annual premium equal to the Maximum Premium.   (c) The
provisions of this Section 6.7 will survive the Effective Time and are
intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each Company
Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives.   (d) If Parent
or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in
each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision will be made so
that the successors and assigns of Parent, as the case may be, will assume
the obligations set forth in this Section 6.7.   6.8 Advice of Changes. Each
of Parent and the Company will promptly advise the other of any change or
event (i) having or reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent or a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, as the case may
be, or (ii) that it believes results or would be reasonably expected to
result in a failure of any condition set forth in Sections 7.2(a), (b) and
(c) and 7.3(a), (b) and (c); provided, however, that no such notification
will affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the
parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties under this Agreement; provided, further, however,
that a failure to comply with this Section 6.8 will not constitute
the failure of any condition set forth in Article VII to be satisfied unless
the underlying Material Adverse Effect or breach would independently result
in the failure of a condition set forth in Article VII to be satisfied.  
6.9 Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b). Parent and the
Company agree that, in order to most effectively compensate and retain
Insiders in connection with the Merger, both prior to and after the Effective
Time, it is desirable that Insiders be relieved of the risk of liability
under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable    49  Law in connection with the conversion of shares of
Company Common Stock, Company Stock Options and Company Stock-Based Awards
into shares of Parent Common Stock and Company Rollover Options and other
awards denominated in shares of Parent Common Stock in the Merger, and for
that compensatory and retentive purpose agree to the provisions of this
Section 6.9. Following the delivery to Parent of the Section 16 Information
in a timely fashion, the Parent Board, or a committee of "Non-Employee
Directors" thereof (as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d)
under the Exchange Act), will adopt a resolution providing that the receipt
by Insiders of Parent Common Stock in exchange for or satisfaction of shares
of Company Common Stock or Company Stock-Based Awards, and of
Company Rollover Options upon conversion of Company Stock Options, in each
case, pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to the
extent such securities are listed in the Section 16 Information, are intended
to be exempt from liability pursuant to Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act.
"Section 16 Information" will mean information accurate in all material
respects regarding Insiders, the number of shares of Company Common Stock
held by each such Insider and expected to be exchanged for Parent Common
Stock in the Merger, and the number and description of Company Stock Options
and Company Stock-Based Awards held by each such Insider and expected to be
converted into Company Rollover Options and exchanged for Parent Common Stock
or awards denominated therein in connection with the Merger; provided,
however, that the requirement for a description of any Company Stock Options
and Company Stock-Based Awards will be deemed to be satisfied if copies of
all Company Stock Plans and other Company Benefit Plans, and forms of
agreements evidencing grants thereunder, under which such Company Stock
Options and Company Stock-Based Awards, respectively, have been granted to
Insiders, have been made available to Parent. "Insiders" will mean those
officers and directors of the Company who are or are expected to become
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
and who are listed in the Section 16 Information.   6.10 No Solicitation.
(a) Parent will not, and will cause the Parent Subsidiaries and each officer,
director, employee, agent or representative (including any financial or legal
advisor or other retained representative) of Parent or any Parent
Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or
facilitate (including by way of furnishing information) or take any other
action designed to facilitate any inquiries or proposals regarding
any merger, share exchange, consolidation, sale of assets, sale of shares of
capital stock (including by way of a tender offer or exchange offer) or
similar transactions involving Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries that,
if consummated, would constitute an Alternative Transaction (as defined
in paragraph (c) below) (any of the foregoing inquiries or proposals being
referred to herein as a "Parent Acquisition Proposal"), (ii) participate in
any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person any
information in connection with, or otherwise cooperate in any way with any
Person in connection with, an Alternative Transaction, or (iii) enter into
any agreement regarding any Alternative Transaction.   (b) The Company will
not, and will cause the Company Subsidiaries and each officer, director,
employee, agent or representative (including any financial or legal advisor
or other retained representative) of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries
not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or facilitate
(including by way of furnishing information) or take any other action
designed to facilitate any inquiries or proposals regarding any merger, share
exchange, consolidation, sale of assets, sale of shares of capital
stock (including by way of a    50  tender offer or exchange offer) or
similar transactions involving the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
that, if consummated, would constitute an Alternative Transaction (any of the
foregoing inquiries or proposals being referred to herein as a "Company
Acquisition Proposal" and, with a Parent Acquisition Proposal, an
"Acquisition Proposal"), (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish to any Person any information in connection with, or
otherwise cooperate in any way with any Person in connection with, an
Alternative Transaction, or (iii) enter into any agreement regarding any
Alternative Transaction.   (c) As used in this Agreement, "Alternative
Transaction" means, with respect to the Company or Parent, as the case may be
(for this purpose, the "Target Party"), any of (i) a transaction pursuant to
which any third Person (or group of Persons) other than the other party to
this Agreement (the "Non-Target Party") or its affiliates, directly or
indirectly, acquires or would acquire more than 20% of the outstanding shares
of common stock of the Target Party or of the outstanding voting power of the
Target Party, whether from the Target Party or pursuant to a tender offer or
exchange offer or otherwise, (ii) a merger, share exchange, consolidation,
business combination, recapitalization or any other transaction involving the
Target Party (other than the Merger) or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to
which any third Person or group of Persons (other than the Non-Target Party
or its affiliates) party thereto, or its stockholders, owns or would own more
than 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock or the outstanding voting
power of the Target Party or, if applicable, the parent entity resulting from
any such transaction immediately upon consummation thereof, or (iii) any
transaction pursuant to which any third Person (or group of Persons) other
than the Non-Target Party or its affiliates acquires or would acquire control
of assets (including for this purpose the outstanding equity securities of
the Subsidiaries of the Target Party and securities of the entity surviving
any merger or business combination involving any of the Subsidiaries of the
Target Party) of the Target Party or any of its Subsidiaries representing
more than 20% of the fair market value of all the assets of the Target Party
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, immediately prior to such
transaction.   (d) The Target Party will notify the Non-Target Party
promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) after receipt of any
Acquisition Proposal, or any material modification of or material amendment
to any Acquisition Proposal, or any request for non-public information
relating to the Target Party or any of its Subsidiaries or for access to the
properties, books or records of the Target Party or any of its Subsidiaries
by any Person that informs the Board of Directors of the Target Party (the
"Target Board") or any of its Subsidiaries that it is considering making, or
has made, an Acquisition Proposal. Such notice to the Non-Target Party will
be made orally and in writing and will indicate the identity of the Person
making the Acquisition Proposal or intending to make or considering making an
Acquisition Proposal or requesting non-public information or access to the
properties, books or records of the Target Party or any of its Subsidiaries,
and the material terms of any such Acquisition Proposal or modification or
amendment to an Acquisition Proposal. The Target Party will (i) keep the Non-
Target Party informed, on a current basis (but in no event later than 48
hours) of any material changes in the status and any material changes
or modifications in the terms of any such Acquisition Proposal, indication
or request and (ii) provide to the Non-Target Party as soon as practicable
after receipt or delivery thereof with copies of all correspondence and other
written material sent or provided to the Target Party from any third party in
connection with any Acquisition Proposal or sent or provided by the Target
Party to any third party in connection with any Acquisition Proposal.   
51   (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10,
at any time prior to obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approval or the
Company Stockholder Approval, as applicable, the Target Party may furnish or
cause to be furnished information to, and enter or cause to be entered into
discussions with, a Person who has made an unsolicited bona fide written
proposal or offer regarding an Acquisition Proposal which did not result from
a breach of Section 6.10(a) or 6.10(b), as applicable, if the Target Board
has (i) determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and financial advisor or advisors) that such proposal or offer
constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal and,
taking into account any revisions to the terms of the Merger or this
Agreement proposed by the Non-Target Party after being notified pursuant to
Section 6.10(g), that doing so is necessary for the Target Board to comply
with its fiduciary duties to the Target Party\'s stockholders under
applicable law, (ii) provided prior or contemporaneous notice to the Non-
Target Party of its intent to furnish information to or enter
into discussions with such Person, (iii) obtained from such Person an
executed confidentiality agreement containing terms with respect to
confidentiality that are determined by the Target Party to be substantially
similar to and not less favorable to the Target Party in the aggregate than
those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement (it being understood that
such confidentiality agreement and any related agreements will not include
any provision calling for any exclusive right to negotiate with such party or
having the effect of prohibiting the Target Party from satisfying its
obligations under this Agreement), and (iv) the Target Party complies with
all of its obligations under Sections 6.10(a) or 6.10(b), as applicable, and
Sections 6.3, 6.10(d) and 6.10(g). The Target Party will provide the Non-
Target Party with all information regarding the Target Party with which the
Non-Target Party has not previously been provided that is provided to any
Person making any such Acquisition Proposal.   (f) As used in this
Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written proposal or offer
made by a third Person (or group of Persons) to consummate any of the
following transactions: (i) a merger, share exchange, consolidation, business
combination or other similar transaction involving the Target Party pursuant
to which the stockholders of the Target Party immediately preceding such
transaction would hold less than 50% of the outstanding shares of common
stock of, and less than 50% of the outstanding voting power of, the Target
Party or the parent entity resulting from any such transaction immediately
upon consummation thereof, (ii) the acquisition by any third Person or group
of Persons (including by means of a tender offer or an exchange offer or a
two-step transaction involving a tender offer followed with
reasonable promptness by a cash-out merger involving the Target Party),
directly or indirectly, of ownership of more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of, and more than 50% of the outstanding voting power
of, the Target Party, or (iii) the acquisition by any third Person (or group
of Persons) of more than 50% of the fair market value of all the assets of
the Target Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, immediately prior to
such transaction, in each case that the Target Board determines in good faith
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor
or advisors) to be more favorable from a financial point of view to the
Target Party stockholders than the Merger, taking into account all relevant
factors as well as any revisions to the terms of the Merger or this Agreement
proposed by the Non-Target Party after being notified pursuant to Section
6.10(g).   (g) Except as permitted by this Section 6.10(g), neither the
Target Board nor any committee thereof will (A) withdraw, modify or qualify
in a manner adverse to the Non-Target Party the recommendation by the Target
Board, or any such committee, of this Agreement    52  and the Merger
(in the case of the Company) or this Agreement, the Sponsor Stockholders
Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (in the case
of Parent), (B) recommend the approval or adoption of any
Acquisition Proposal or fail to recommend against any Acquisition Proposal,
or (C) resolve, agree or propose publicly to take any such actions (each such
action set forth in this sentence of this Section 6.10(g) being referred to
herein as an "Adverse Recommendation Change") or approve, adopt or recommend,
or cause or permit the Target Party to enter into, any letter of intent,
agreement or obligation with respect to, any Alternative Transaction (other
than a confidentiality agreement as referred to in Section 6.10(e)).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.10, if, at any
time prior to obtaining the Parent Stockholder Approval or the Company
Stockholder Approval, as applicable, (i) the Target Board, in the exercise of
its fiduciary duties, determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside legal counsel and financial advisor or advisors, that to do otherwise
would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law, (ii)
before taking any such action, the Target Party promptly gives the Non-Target
Party written notice advising the Non-Target Party of the decision of the
Target Board to take such action, including the reasons therefor and, in
the event that such decision relates to an Acquisition Proposal, such
notice specifies the material terms and conditions of such Acquisition
Proposal and identifies the Person making such Acquisition Proposal (and the
Target Party will also promptly give the Non-Target Party such a notice with
respect to any subsequent change in such proposal) as required by Section
6.10(d) and the Target Party has given the Non-Target Party at least three
business days after delivery of each such notice to propose revisions to the
terms of this Agreement (or to make another proposal) in response to such
Acquisition Proposal and has negotiated in good faith with the Non-Target
Party with respect to such proposed revisions or other proposal, if any,
(iii) if such Adverse Recommendation Change relates to an Acquisition
Proposal received by the Target Party or made directly to the Target Party\'s
stockholders, such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, and
(iv) the Target Party has complied with its obligations set forth in this
Section 6.10, then the Target Board may make an Adverse Recommendation
Change; provided, that if the Target Party makes an Adverse Recommendation
Change, then, notwithstanding such Adverse Recommendation Change, the Target
Company will nevertheless submit this Agreement and the Merger (in the case
of the Company) or this Agreement, the Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (in the case of Parent)
to its stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the Company Stockholder
Approval or Parent Stockholder Approval, as applicable, and nothing contained
herein will be deemed to relieve the Target Party of such obligation, unless
this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms (including
termination in connection with a Superior Proposal in accordance with Section
8.1(j) or 8.1(k), as the case may be) prior to the Company Stockholder
Meeting or Parent Stockholder Meeting, as applicable.   (h) Nothing
contained in this Section 6.10 will prohibit the Target Party or its
Subsidiaries from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
required by Rule 14e-2(a) or Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act;
provided, however, that any such disclosure that relates to an
Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be an Adverse Recommendation Change
unless the Target Board reaffirms its recommendation of this Agreement and
the Merger (in the case of the Company) or this Agreement and the Merger, the
Sponsor Stockholders Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby (in the case of Parent), as applicable. Notwithstanding any other
provision hereof, no disclosure that the Parent Board or the Company Board
may determine (after consultation with counsel) that it or Parent or
the    53  Company, as applicable, is required to make under applicable
Law will constitute a violation of this Agreement.   (i) Each of Parent and
the Company and their respective Subsidiaries will immediately cease and
cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any
Persons (other than the other party) conducted heretofore with respect to any
Alternative Transaction, and will use reasonable best efforts to cause all
Persons, other than the other party hereto, who have been furnished
confidential information regarding such party in connection with
the solicitation of or discussions regarding an Acquisition Proposal within
the 12 months prior to the date hereof promptly to return or destroy such
information. Each of Parent and the Company will, as soon as practicable
after the date hereof, take all steps necessary to terminate any approval
that may have been heretofore given under any provisions of any standstill or
similar agreements authorizing any Person to make an Acquisition
Proposal.   (j) It is understood that any violation of the restrictions set
forth in this Section 6.10 by any officer, director, employee, agent or
representative (including financial or legal advisor or other retained
representative) of either party or any of its Subsidiaries, at the direction
or with the consent of such party or any of its Subsidiaries, will be deemed
to be a breach of this Section 6.10 by such party.   6.11 FIRPTA. The
Company shall furnish to Parent an affidavit dated as of the Closing Date,
stating, under penalty of perjury, that the Company is not and has not been a
US real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section
897(c)(2) during the applicable period described in Code
Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii).   6.12 Financing Commitments. (a) Parent will
promptly notify the Company of (i) the expiration, termination, modification
or amendment for any reason of the Financing Commitments and (ii) any
proposal by any of the institutions party to a Financing Commitments to
withdraw, terminate or make a material change in the amount or terms of such
Financing Commitments that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect
the ability of Parent to consummate the financing contemplated by such
Financing Commitments in accordance with its terms. In addition, upon the
Company\'s reasonable request, Parent will advise and update the Company, in
a level of detail reasonably satisfactory to the Company, with respect to the
status, proposed closing date, and material terms of the Financing
Commitments. Parent will not consent to any amendment, modification or early
termination of any Financing Commitments that could reasonably be expected to
materially delay or adversely affect the ability of Parent to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (b) Parent will, and
will cause its Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to (i) maintain
the effectiveness of the Financing Commitments in accordance with their
terms, (ii) enter into definitive documentation with respect to the Financing
Commitments on the terms contained in the Financing Commitments, (iii)
satisfy all funding conditions to the Financing Commitments set forth in the
definitive documentation with respect to the financing contemplated by the
Financing Commitments, (iv) consummate the financing contemplated by the
Financing Commitments (including by Parent\'s extension of the Financing
Commitments on substantially equivalent or better terms or, if the Financing
Commitments expire, obtaining alternative financing in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the amounts set forth in, and on    54  terms
substantially equivalent to or better than the terms of, the
Financing Commitments if, in each case, the Company has consented to such
extension or replacement) prior to the expiration of the Financing
Commitments if the other conditions to Parent\'s obligations to close set
forth in Sections 7.1 and 7.2 have been satisfied or waived, and (v) perform
its obligations under the Financing Commitments.   (c) The Company shall
provide, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to provide, and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the respective officers, employees,
representatives and advisers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to
provide, all cooperation reasonably requested by Parent in connection with
the financings contemplated by the Financing Commitments (the "Debt
Financing") and shall (i) cause appropriate officers and employees to be
available on a customary basis (A) to meet with prospective lenders in
presentations, meetings, road shows, due diligence sessions and sessions with
ratings agencies, (B) to assist with the preparation of prospectuses,
offering memoranda, private placement memoranda and other disclosure
documents in connection therewith and the Debt Financing,
including assistance with the preparation of projections to be used in
connection therewith, as applicable, and (C) to execute and deliver any
pledge and security documents, other definitive financing documents and other
certificates or documents as may be required pursuant to the Financing
Commitments, (ii) take all necessary corporate action to consummate the Debt
Financing immediately prior to the Closing and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause its independent accountants to provide assistance
to Parent, including providing consent, on a customary basis, to Parent to
use their audit reports relating to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
and, at the cost of Parent, to provide any necessary customary "comfort
letters."   6.13 Parent Board. Parent shall take all steps necessary or
desirable to cause the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section
7.3(e).   6.14 Employee Matters. (a) As of the Effective Time, Parent shall
assume all of the employment agreements, as amended, set forth in Section
6.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and Parent shall perform all
obligations thereunder.   (b) As of the Effective Time, Parent shall grant
options to purchase an aggregate of 800,000 shares of Parent Common Stock to
individuals employed by the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time.
The individuals to whom such options are granted and the number of shares
subject to such options shall be determined by the Parent taking into
consideration the recommendation of the Company\'s Chief Executive Officer
(or his delegate). All other terms of such options shall be substantially
identical to the "Founders\' Grant" options granted by Parent to its
employees in connection with transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  
(c) If the Company and Parent determine in good faith that any
payment (whether in cash or property or the vesting of property) that may be
made to any Company employee who is a "disqualified individual" (within the
meaning of Section 280G(c) of the Code) in connection with the Merger is
reasonably likely to constitute an "excess parachute payment" (as defined in
Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code), then the Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to take such actions as it (in consultation with Parent, if
Parent so requests) determines are necessary or appropriate to eliminate or
mitigate the effect of such    55  excess parachute payment on the
disqualified individual and the Company, including accelerating severance
pay, bonus awards and options and other equity awards, encouraging employees
to exercise options, and exercising and/or recommending that the Company
Board or any committee thereof so exercise, any available discretion in
respect of options and other equity awards; provided, however, that no such
action may impair the rights of any disqualified individual without such
disqualified individual\'s prior written consent.   6.15 GS Funds
Redemption. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent will consummate the
purchase of all of the Parent Convertible Preferred Stock owned by the GS
Funds in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Stock
Purchase and Support Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2005, by and among
Parent, R.H. Donnelley Inc. and the Stockholders of Parent listed on Schedule
A attached thereto, as it may be amended from time to time (the "Redemption
Agreement"). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or
the Redemption Agreement, no consent of the Company will be required for the
consummation of such purchase or the performance of Parent\'s obligations
under the Redemption Agreement. The prior written consent of the Company will
be required for any material amendment to the Redemption Agreement.  
ARTICLE VII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   7.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation To Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the parties to
effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by each of
the parties, at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions:   (a) Stockholder Approvals. The approval of the holders of
capital stock of Parent and the Company required for the consummation of the
Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained.  
(b) Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to holders of
Company Common Stock shall have been authorized for listing on the
NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.   (c) HSR Approval. The
waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act
shall have expired or been earlier terminated.   (d) Form S-4. The Form S-4
shall have become effective under the Securities Act, and no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Form S-4 shall have been issued and no
proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or be threatened by
the SEC.   (e) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No Injunction
preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect. No statute,
rule, regulation, order, Injunction or decree shall have been enacted,
entered, promulgated or enforced by any Governmental Entity that prohibits or
makes illegal consummation of the Merger.   7.2 Conditions to Obligations
of Parent. The obligation of Parent to effect the Merger is also subject to
the satisfaction, or waiver by Parent, at or prior to the Effective Time of
the following conditions:    56   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i)
Each of the representations and warranties (other than as set forth in
Sections 3.2(a), 3.8(a) and (c) and 3.19) of the Company set forth in this
Agreement shall be true and correct on the date of this Agreement, and as of
the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), except
where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and
correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or
"Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein), individually or in the
aggregate, does not have, and would not be reasonably expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.8(a) and (c) and 3.19
shall be true and correct on the date of this Agreement, and as of the
Closing Date, as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), and
(iii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section
3.2(a) shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date of this
Agreement, and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such date
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as
of such date), and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company to the foregoing effects.   (b) Performance of Obligations of
the Company. The Company shall have performed in all material respects all
obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company to such effect.   (c) Parent Tax Opinion. Parent
shall have received an opinion of Jones Day in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent, on the basis of certain facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, dated as of the Closing Date, to the
effect that (i) the Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as
a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) each of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub will be a "party to the reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, such
advisor shall be entitled to rely upon representations of officers of the
Company, Parent and Merger Sub described in Section 6.1(c). The condition set
forth in this Section 7.2(c) shall not be waivable after receipt of the
Parent Stockholder Approval unless further Parent Stockholder Approval is
obtained with appropriate disclosure.   (d) Dissenters. The number of shares
of the Company Common Stock as to which holders thereof have exercised
appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL shall not exceed 5% of the
issued and outstanding Company Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   7.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the
satisfaction, or waiver by the Company, at or prior to the Effective Time, of
the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) Each of
the representations and warranties (other than as set forth in Sections
4.2(a), 4.8(a) and 4.19) of Parent set forth in this Agreement shall be true
and correct on the date of this Agreement, and as of the Closing Date,
as    57  if made at and as of such date (except to the extent expressly
made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), except where the
failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct
(without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or "Material
Adverse Effect" set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate, does
not have, and would not be reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent, (ii) the representations and warranties of Parent set forth
in Sections 4.8(a) and 4.19 shall be true and correct on the date of this
Agreement, and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of such date
(except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as
of such date), and (iii) the representations and warranties of Parent set
forth in Section 4.2(a) shall be true and correct in all material respects on
the date of this Agreement, and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as
of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such date), and the Company shall have received a
certificate signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive Officer or the
Chief Financial Officer of Parent to the foregoing effects.   (b)
Performance of Obligations of Parent. Parent shall have performed in all
material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this
Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall
have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by the Chief Executive
Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of Parent to such effect.   (c)
Company Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received an opinion of Latham and
Watkins LLP in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, on
the basis of certain facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such
opinion, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that (i) the Merger will
be treated for federal income tax purposes as a "reorganization" under
Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) that each of the Company, Parent
and Merger Sub will be a "party to the reorganization" within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, such advisor shall be
entitled to rely upon customary representations of officers of the Company,
Parent and Merger Sub described in Section 6.1(c). The condition set forth in
this Section 7.3(c) shall not be waivable after receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval unless further Company Stockholder Approval is obtained
with appropriate disclosure.   (d) Parent Board. The Parent Board
composition contemplated by Section 1.10 shall have been implemented
effective as of the Effective Date.   ARTICLE VIII. TERMINATION AND
AMENDMENT   8.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of the matters
presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of Parent or the
Company, by action taken or authorized by the Board of Directors of the
terminating party or parties:   (a) by mutual consent of Parent and the
Company in a written instrument, if the Board of Directors of each so
determines;   (b) by either the Parent Board or the Company Board if
any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a final
and nonappealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this   
58  Agreement, except that no party may terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 8.1(b) if its breach of its obligations under this Agreement
proximately contributed to the occurrence of such order;   (c) by either
the Parent Board or the Company Board if the Parent Stockholder Approval
shall not have been obtained at a Parent Stockholders Meeting or any
adjournment or postponement thereof at which the vote was taken;   (d) by
either the Parent Board or the Company Board if the Company Stockholder
Approval shall not have been obtained at a Company Stockholders Meeting or
any adjournment or postponement thereof at which the vote was taken;   (e)
by either the Parent Board or the Company Board if the Merger shall not have
been consummated on or before June 30, 2006; provided, however, that the
right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 8.1(e) shall not be
available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation hereunder
in any material respect has been the primary cause of or primarily resulted
in the failure of the Closing to occur on or before June 30, 2006;   (f) by
the Parent Board if there shall have been a breach of any of the covenants or
agreements or any of the representations or warranties set forth in this
Agreement on the part of the Company, which breach, either individually or in
the aggregate, would result in, if occurring or continuing on the Closing
Date, the failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) or (b) and
which is not cured within 45 days following written notice to the Company or
by its nature or timing cannot be cured within such time period;   (g) by
the Company Board if there shall have been a breach of any of the covenants
or agreements or any of the representations or warranties set forth in this
Agreement on the part of Parent, which breach, either individually or in the
aggregate, would result in, if occurring or continuing on the Closing Date,
the failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) or (b) and which is
not cured within 45 days following written notice to Parent or by its
nature or timing cannot be cured within such time period;   (h) by the
Parent Board in the event of an Adverse Recommendation Change by the Company
Board related to an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company;   (i)
by the Company Board in the event of an Adverse Recommendation Change by the
Parent Board related to an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Parent;  
(j) by Parent, if prior to the Parent Stockholder Approval, Parent receives a
Superior Proposal and the Parent Board determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, to enter into an agreement to effect
the Superior Proposal; provided, that Parent may not terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 8.1(j) unless (i) Parent has complied with its
obligations under Section 6.10 and (ii) three (3) business days have
elapsed following delivery to the Company of a written notice of such
determination by the Parent Board and during such three (3) business day
period the Company has not made a binding proposal to revise the terms of the
Merger or this Agreement (or made another binding offer) that the Parent
Board has determined in its good faith judgment to result in the Merger (or
such other proposal or offer)    59  being at least as favorable to
Parent\'s stockholders as the Superior Proposal; provided, further, that
Parent fulfills its obligations pursuant to Section 9.3.   (k) by the
Company, if prior to the Company Stockholder Approval, the Company receives a
Superior Proposal and the Company Board determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, to enter into an agreement to effect
the Superior Proposal; provided, that the Company may not terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(k) unless (i) the Company has complied
with its obligations under Section 6.10 and (ii) three (3) business days have
elapsed following delivery to Parent of a written notice of
such determination by the Company Board and during such three (3) business
day period Parent has not made a binding proposal to revise the terms of the
Merger or this Agreement (or made another binding offer) that the Company
Board has determined in its good faith judgment to result in the Merger (or
such other proposal or offer) being at least as favorable to the Company\'s
stockholders as the Superior Proposal; provided, further, that the Company
fulfills its obligations pursuant to Section 9.3.   8.2 Effect of
Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the
Company or Parent as provided in Section 8.1, this Agreement will forthwith
become void and have no effect, and none of the Company, Parent, any of their
respective Subsidiaries or any of the officers or directors of any of them
will have any liability of any nature whatsoever under this Agreement, or in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
that (i) Sections 6.2(b), 8.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.5, 9.7, 9.8, 9.9, 9.10 and 9.11
will survive any termination of this Agreement and (ii) notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, neither the Company nor
Parent will be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages arising
out of its willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.   8.3
Amendment and Other Matters. Subject to Sections 7.2(c) and 7.3(c)
and compliance with applicable Law, this Agreement may be amended by Parent
(on behalf of itself and Merger Sub) and the Company, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or
after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company or Parent; provided, however, that after any
approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the
stockholders of the Company and Parent, there may not be, without further
approval of such stockholders, any amendment of this Agreement that changes
the amount or the form of the consideration to be delivered under this
Agreement to the holders of Company Capital Stock, other than as contemplated
by this Agreement, or which by applicable Law otherwise expressly requires
the further approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties.   8.4 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
Parent (on behalf of itself and Merger Sub) and the Company, by action taken
or authorized by their respective Board of Directors, may, to the extent
legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, and (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this
Agreement provided, however, that after any approval of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company and Parent,
there may not be, without further approval of such stockholders, any   
60  extension or waiver which by applicable Law otherwise expressly requires
the further approval of such stockholders. Any agreement on the part of a
party to any such extension or waiver will be valid only if set forth in a
written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or
waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an obligation,
covenant, agreement or condition will not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel
with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   ARTICLE IX. GENERAL
PROVISIONS   9.1 Closing. On the terms and subject to conditions set forth
in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place
at 10:00 a.m. on a date and at a place to be specified by the parties, which
date will be no later than five business days after the satisfaction or
waiver (subject to applicable Law) of the latest to occur of the conditions
set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied or waived at the Closing), unless extended by mutual
agreement of the Company and Parent (the "Closing Date").   9.2 Nonsurvival
of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement will survive the Effective
Time, except for those covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement
that by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after
the Effective Time.   9.3 Fees and Expenses. (a) Except as provided in this
Section 9.3, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be paid by
the party incurring such expense; provided, however, that the costs and
expenses of printing and mailing the Joint Proxy Statement, and all filing
and other fees paid to the SEC or under the HSR Act in connection with the
Merger, will be borne equally by Parent and the Company.   (b) In the event
that this Agreement is terminated:   (i) (x) by the Company Board or the
Parent Board pursuant to  Section 8.1(e), or by the Parent Board pursuant to
Section 8.1(f), and (y)  a proposal for an Alternative Transaction with
respect to the Company has  been made to the Company or its stockholders or
such a proposal or an  intention to make such a proposal has been publicly
announced or has  otherwise become publicly known after the date of this
Agreement and prior  to such termination (whether or not conditional and
whether or not  withdrawn) and (z) within 12 months after such termination,
the Company or  any of its Subsidiaries enters into any definitive agreement
providing for  any Alternative Transaction or any Alternative Transaction is
consummated;   (ii) by the Parent Board pursuant to Section 8.1(h) and a 
proposal for an Alternative Transaction with respect to the Company has  been
made to the Company or its stockholders or such a proposal or an  intention
to make such a proposal has been publicly announced or has  otherwise become
publicly known after the date of this    61   Agreement and prior to such
termination (whether or not conditional and  whether or not withdrawn);  
(iii) by the Parent Board or the Company Board pursuant to  Section 8.1(d)
and the Company Board is not at the time of the Company  Stockholders Meeting
entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to  Section 8.1(g) (without
giving effect to the notice and cure provisions  thereof); or   (iv) by the
Company Board pursuant to Section 8.1(k);  then, in the case of a
termination pursuant to (1) Section 9.3(b)(i), the Company shall pay to
Parent an amount equal to $150,000,000 (the "Company Termination Fee"), by
wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated by Parent, upon the
earlier to occur of the consummation of such Alternative Transaction and the
execution of such agreement, as applicable, (2) Section 9.3(b)(ii) or Section
9.3(b)(iv), the Company shall pay to Parent an amount equal to the Company
Termination Fee, which payment shall be made within two business days after
such termination and (3) Section 9.3(b)(iii), the Company shall pay to Parent
an amount equal to (A) $45,000,000 within two business days after such
termination, by wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated by
Parent and (B) $105,000,000, by wire transfer of same day funds to an account
designated by Parent, if, within 12 months after such termination, the
Company enters into any definitive agreement providing for any
Alternative Transaction or any Alternative Transaction is consummated. For
purposes of this Section 9.3(b), references to 20% in the definition of
"Alternative Transaction" will be deemed to be references to 50%.   (c) In
the event that this Agreement is terminated:   (i) (x) by the Parent Board
or the Company Board pursuant to  Section 8.1(e), or by the Company Board
pursuant to Section 8.1(g), and (y)  a proposal for an Alternative
Transaction with respect to Parent has been  made to Parent or its
stockholders or such a proposal or an intention to  make such a proposal has
been publicly announced or has otherwise become  publicly known after the
date of this Agreement and prior to such  termination (whether or not
conditional and whether or not withdrawn) and  (z) within 12 months after
such termination, Parent enters into any  definitive agreement providing for
any Alternative Transaction or any  Alternative Transaction is consummated;
or   (ii) by the Company Board pursuant to Section 8.1(i) and a  proposal
for an Alternative Transaction with respect to Parent has been  made to
Parent or its stockholders or such a proposal or an intention to  make such a
proposal has been publicly announced or has otherwise become  publicly known
after the date of this Agreement and prior to such  termination (whether or
not conditional and whether or not withdrawn);   (iii) by the Parent Board
or the Company Board pursuant to  Section 8.1(c) and the Parent Board is not
at the time of the Parent  Stockholders Meeting entitled to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to  Section 8.1(f) (without giving effect to the notice
and cure provisions  thereof); or    62   (iv) by the Parent Board
pursuant to Section 8.1(j);  then, in the case of a termination pursuant to
(1) Section 9.3(c)(i), Parent shall pay to the Company an amount equal to
$90,000,000 (the "Parent Termination Fee"), by wire transfer of same day
funds to an account designated by the Company, upon the earlier to occur of
the consummation of such Alternative Transaction and the execution of such
agreement, as applicable, (2) Section 9.3(c)(ii) or Section 9.3(c)(iv),
Parent shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the Parent Termination
Fee, which payment shall be made within two business days after such
termination and (3) Section 9.3(c)(iii), Parent shall pay to the Company an
amount equal to (A) $45,000,000 within two business days after such
termination, by wire transfer of same day funds to an account designated by
the Company and (B) $45,000,000, by wire transfer of same day funds to an
account designated by the Company, if, within 12 months after
such termination, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries enters into any
definitive agreement providing for any Alternative Transaction or any
Alternative Transaction is consummated. For purposes of this Section 9.3(c),
references to 20% in the definition of "Alternative Transaction" will be
deemed to be references to 50%.   (d) Each party acknowledges that the
agreements contained in this Section 9.3 are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these
agreements, the other party would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly,
if a party fails promptly to pay the amounts due pursuant to this Section 9.3
and, in order to obtain such payment, the other party commences a suit that
results in a judgment against the first party for the amounts set forth in
this Section 9.3, the first party will pay to the other party interest on the
amounts set forth in this Section 9.3 at a rate per annum equal to the three-
month LIBOR (as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast edition) or,
if not reported therein, in another authoritative source selected by the
party entitled to such amounts) on the date such payment was required to be
made (or if no quotation for three-month LIBOR is available for such date, on
the next preceding date for which such a quotation is available) plus 250
basis points, and including reasonable fees and related expenses
of collection.   9.4 Notices. All notices and other communications in
connection with this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed given
(and will be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) if delivered
personally, sent via facsimile (with confirmation), mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier
(with confirmation) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such
other address for a party as will be specified by like notice):   (a) if to
the Company, to:   Dex Media, Inc.  198 Inverness Drive West  Englewood,
CO 80112  Attention: Frank M. Eichler  Senior Vice President, General
Counsel  Facsimile: (303) 784-1915    63   with a copy to:   Latham and
Watkins LLP  885 Third Avenue, Suite 1000  New York, NY 10022  Attention:
R. Ronald Hopkinson  Facsimile: (212) 751-4864   (b) if to Parent or Merger
Sub, to:   R.H. Donnelley Corporation  1001 Winstead Drive  Cary, NC
27531  Attention: Robert J. Bush  Vice President, General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary  Facsimile: (919) 279-1518   with a copy to:   Jones
Day  222 East 41st Street  New York, NY 10017  Attention: John J. Hyland 
Facsimile: (212) 755-7306   9.5 Interpretation. When a reference is made in
this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference
will be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement
unless otherwise indicated. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or
"including" are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed by
the words "without limitation." Unless the context otherwise requires (i)
"or" is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive, (ii) words in the singular
include the plural and vice versa, (iii) the use in this Agreement of a
pronoun in reference to a party hereto includes the masculine, feminine or
neuter, as the context may require, and (iv) terms used herein that are
defined in GAAP have the meanings ascribed to them therein. "Knowledge" of
any Person, whether capitalized or not, means, with respect to any specific
matter, the actual knowledge of such Person\'s executive officers and other
officers having primary responsibility for such matter, and "business day"
means any day on which banks are not required or authorized to close in
the City of New York. No provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in
favor of, or against, any of the parties to this Agreement by reason of the
extent to which any such party or its counsel participated in the drafting
thereof or by reason of the extent to which any such provision is
inconsistent with any prior draft hereof, and no rule of strict construction
will be applied against any party hereto. The Company Disclosure Schedule and
the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as well as all other schedules and all
exhibits hereto, will be deemed part of this Agreement and included in any
reference to this Agreement. This Agreement will not be interpreted or
construed to require any Person to take any action, or fail to take any
action, if to    64  do so would violate any applicable Law. References
to the "other party" or "either party" will be deemed to refer to the Company
and Merger Sub collectively, on the one hand, and Parent, on the other
hand.   9.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement
and will become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that each party
need not sign the same counterpart.   9.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement
(including the documents and the instruments referred to in this Agreement),
together with the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement
and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and
oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement, other than the Confidentiality Agreement.   9.8 Governing Law.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and wholly
performed within such state, without regard to any applicable conflict of
laws principles.   9.9 Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees that any claim, suit, action or other proceeding, directly or
indirectly, arising out of, under or relating to this Agreement will be heard
and determined in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (and each
agrees that no such claim, action, suit or other proceeding relating to this
Agreement will be brought by it or any of its affiliates except in such
court), and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court in any such claim, suit,
action or other proceeding and irrevocably and unconditionally waive the
defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such claim, suit,
action or other proceeding. Each of the parties hereto further agrees that,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, service of any
process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to such
Person\'s respective address set forth in Section 9.4 will be effective
service of process for any claim, action, suit or other proceeding in
Delaware with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to
jurisdiction as set forth above in the immediately preceding sentence. The
parties hereto hereby agree that a final judgment in any such claim, suit,
action or other proceeding will be conclusive and may be enforced in other
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
applicable Law.   9.10 Publicity. Neither the Company nor Parent will, and
neither the Company nor Parent will permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue
or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement
with respect to, or otherwise make any public statement concerning, the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent (which
consent will not be unreasonably withheld) of Parent, in the case of a
proposed announcement or statement by the Company, or the Company, in the
case of a proposed announcement or statement by Parent; provided, however,
that either party may, without the prior consent of the other party, (i)
issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public
announcement to the extent it determines that so doing is or may be required
by Law or by the rules and regulations of the NYSE and (ii) make public
statements (but may not publish any press    65  release) that are
consistent with the parties\' prior (but after the date of this Agreement)
public disclosures regarding the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   9.11 Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this
Agreement will be assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of law
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party. Subject
to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by each of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns. Except as otherwise specifically provided in Section
6.7, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to in
this Agreement) is not intended to and does not confer upon any Person other
than the parties hereto any rights or remedies under this Agreement.   9.12
Specific Performance. The parties acknowledge and agree that any breach of
the terms of this Agreement would give rise to irreparable harm for which
money damages would not be an adequate remedy, and, accordingly, the parties
agree that, in addition to any other remedies, each will be entitled
to enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance
without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy
and without the necessity of posting bond.   9.13 Severability. If any term
or other provision of this Agreement is declared invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement will
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
will negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the
original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner
to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to
the maximum extent possible.   9.14 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY
INVOLVING ANY MATTERS (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN
ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.   [Remainder of Page Intentionally
Left Blank]    66   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, Parent and Merger
Sub have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.   DEX MEDIA,
INC.    By: /s/ Frank M. Echler  ---------------------------------  Name:
Frank M. Echler  Title: Senior Vice President and General  Counsel    
R.H. DONNELLEY CORPORATION    By: /s/ Robert J. Bush 
---------------------------------  Name: Robert J. Bush  Title: Vice
President, General Counsel  and Corporate Secretary     FORWARD
ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/ Robert J. Bush 
---------------------------------  Name: Robert J. Bush  Title: Authorized
Person    [Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]   '

