 EXHIBIT 2.1    1   EXHIBIT 2.1  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of
December 7, 2000 (this "AGREEMENT"), by and among Emulex Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), GEMX Network Sub, Inc., a Massachusetts
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"), Giganet,
Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the "COMPANY"), and David Follett as
Stockholder Representative.   WITNESSETH:   WHEREAS, the respective Boards
of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have each determined that
it is advisable and in the best interests of their respective stockholders
that Parent acquire the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, and, in furtherance of such acquisition, such Boards of Directors
have approved the merger of Merger Sub with and into the company (the
"MERGER") in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of the Business Corporation Law of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts (the "MBCL"); and   WHEREAS, for United States federal
income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE"), and that this Agreement shall be, and
is hereby, adopted as a "plan of reorganization" for purposes of Section
368(a) of the Code; and   WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding
share of Company Stock (as defined below) shall be converted into the right
to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined below), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, the shares of Parent
Common Stock (as defined below) to be issued in the Merger shall be issued in
a private placement pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "SECURITIES ACT");   WHEREAS,
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants, and agreements in connection with, and establish
various conditions precedent to, the Merger; and   WHEREAS, as an inducement
to Parent to enter into this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company
are concurrently herewith entering into Voting Agreements (the "VOTING
AGREEMENTS") in substantially the same form attached hereto as Exhibit A,
whereby each such stockholder agrees to vote in favor of the Merger and all
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   2   NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:   
ARTICLE I  THE MERGER   SECTION 1.1 The Merger. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.2 hereof), Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company in accordance
with the MBCL, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease,
and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger.
The Company, in its capacity as the corporation surviving the Merger, is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "SURVIVING CORPORATION."   SECTION
1.2 Consummation of the Merger. In order to effectuate the Merger, on the
Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.7 below), the parties hereto shall
cause articles of merger (the "ARTICLES OF MERGER") to be filed with the
Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in such form as
required by, and executed in accordance with, the MBCL. The Merger shall
be effective as of the time of filing of the Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in accordance with
the MBCL, or at such later time as may be agreed to by the parties and set
forth in the Articles of Merger (the "EFFECTIVE TIME").   SECTION 1.3
Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects provided for in this
Agreement, the Articles of Merger and the applicable provisions of the
MBCL.   SECTION 1.4 Articles of Organization of the Surviving Corporation.
At and after the Effective Time, the Articles of Organization of Merger Sub
(the "MERGER SUB CHARTER"), as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the Articles of Organization of the Surviving Corporation,
until amended in accordance with the MBCL, except that the name of the
Surviving Corporation, shall be "Giganet, Inc." The purposes of the Surviving
Corporation shall be as follows: to engage in the business of creating,
developing, manufacturing, distributing, licensing, and/or acquiring computer
hardware and software and to engage in other activities permitted under
Chapter 156B of the MBCL. The total number of shares and the par value of
each class of stock which the Surviving Corporation is authorized to issue is
1000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share.   SECTION 1.5 Bylaws
of the Surviving Corporation. At and after the Effective Time, the Bylaws of
Merger Sub (the "MERGER SUB BYLAWS"), as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until
amended in accordance with the MBCL.   3   SECTION 1.6 Directors and
Officers of the Surviving Corporation.   (a) The directors of Merger Sub
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial directors of the
Surviving Corporation and shall hold office from the Effective Time until
their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in
the manner provided in the Articles of Organization or Bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation or as otherwise provided by law.   (b) The officers
of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial
officers of the Surviving Corporation and shall hold office from the
Effective Time until their respective successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified in the manner provided in the Articles of
Organization or Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation or as otherwise provided
by law.   SECTION 1.7 Closing. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement,
the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
"CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Jeffer, Mangels, Butler and
Marmaro LLP, 2121 Avenue of the Stars, 10th Floor, Los Angeles, California,
within three business days after the date on which the last of the conditions
to Closing set forth in Article VIII shall have been satisfied or waived, or
at such other place and on such other date as is mutually agreeable to the
Parent and the Company (the "CLOSING DATE"). The Closing will be effective as
of the Effective Time.   SECTION 1.8 Taking of Necessary Action, Further
Action. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall use its or their
commercially reasonable efforts to take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate to effectuate the Merger in accordance with this Agreement as
promptly as possible and at the time specified in Section 1.2 hereof. If, at
any time after the Effective Time, any such further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger
Sub, the officers and directors of the Company and Merger Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time are fully authorized in the name of their
respective corporations or otherwise to take, and will take, all such lawful
and necessary action.   SECTION 1.9 Stockholder Representative. The holders
of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Company, by virtue of
the approval of this Agreement and the Merger, will be deemed to have
irrevocably constituted and appointed, effective as of the Effective Time, a
committee consisting of David Follett and, subject to their acceptance as
such, Peter Palmer and Gerald Lodge, (together with their permitted
respective successors, collectively, the "STOCKHOLDER REPRESENTATIVE"), as
their true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, and the Stockholder
Representative, by his execution of this Agreement shall be deemed to have
accepted such appointment, to enter into any agreement in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, or the
Lock-up Agreement (as defined below) to exercise all or any of the powers,
authority and discretion conferred on him under any such agreement, to waive
any terms and conditions of any such   4  agreement (other than the Merger
Consideration), to give and receive notices on their behalf, and to be their
exclusive representative with respect to any matter, suit, claim, action or
proceeding arising with respect to any transaction contemplated by any such
agreement, including, without limitation, the assertion, prosecution,
defense, settlement or compromise of and claim, action or proceeding for
which any Company Stockholder, Parent or the Merger Sub may be entitled to
indemnification and the Stockholder Representative agrees to act as, and to
undertake the duties and responsibilities of, such agent and attorney-in-
fact. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.
The Stockholder Representative shall not be liable for any action taken or
not taken by him or her in his or her capacity as Stockholder Representative
either (i) with the consent of stockholders who, as of the date of this
Agreement, own a majority in number of the outstanding shares of
Company Stock (considered on an as converted basis), or (ii) in the absence
of his own willful misconduct. If the Stockholder Representative shall be
unable or unwilling to serve in such capacity, his successor shall be named
by those persons holding a majority of the shares of Company Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time who shall serve and
exercise the powers of Stockholder Representative hereunder. Solely with
respect to any actions taken by the Stockholder Representative in his
capacity as such, the Stockholder Representative shall have no liability to
Parent or any of its affiliates except for claims based upon fraud by the
Stockholder Representative.   SECTION 1.10 Voting Agreements. Prior to or
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, the Company has
delivered to Parent duly executed Voting Agreements of holders of (i) at
least 66 2/3% of the issued and outstanding Company Stock (as defined in
Section 2.1 hereof; considered together as a single class on an as converted
basis), (ii) greater than 51% of the outstanding Series D Preferred Stock,
and (iii) greater than 51% of the outstanding Series C and Series B Preferred
Stock (considered together as a single class on an as converted basis). To
the extent that Parent agrees to enter into this Agreement without such
Voting Agreements having been obtained, the Company agrees, at the request of
Parent, to use its best efforts to obtain such Voting Agreements prior to the
date of any vote of the Company Stockholders with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.    ARTICLE II  CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF
SECURITIES   SECTION 2.1 Conversion of Capital Stock. At the Effective Time,
by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger
Sub, the Company, the holder of any shares of the Company Common Stock (as
defined in Section 2.1(a) hereof) or Company Preferred Stock (as defined in
Section 3.3 hereof and, with the Company Common Stock, collectively referred
to as the "COMPANY STOCK") or the holder of any options, warrants, or other
rights to acquire or receive shares of Company Stock, the following shall
occur:   5   (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Subject to this
Article II, each share of common stock, par value $.0025 per share, of the
Company (THE "COMPANY COMMON STOCK") issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares, as defined below, and
shares of Company Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.1(c) below, if
any), shall be canceled and extinguished and be converted automatically into
the right to receive the number of shares of common stock, par value $.10 per
share, of Parent ("PARENT COMMON STOCK") as shall equal the Exchange Ratio
(as hereinafter defined); provided, however, that an aggregate of 400,000
shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to holders of Company Stock pursuant
to the Merger shall be delivered into escrow pursuant to Section 2.1(h)
hereof and held as specified in the Escrow Agreement (as defined below). All
references in this Agreement to Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant to
the Merger shall be deemed to include the corresponding preferred stock
purchase rights pursuant to Parent\'s Rights Agreement, as then in effect,
except where the context otherwise requires.   (b) Conversion of Company
Preferred Stock. Shares of Company Preferred Stock (other than Dissenting
Shares, as defined below, and shares of Company Stock to be canceled pursuant
to Section 2.1(c) below, if any), shall be canceled and extinguished and be
converted automatically into the right to receive the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock as set forth below:   (i) Each share of Series D
Preferred Stock (as defined in Section 3.3 hereof) shall first have the right
to receive the Series D Liquidation Preference (as herein defined); and  
(ii) Each share of Company Preferred Stock (including the Series D Preferred
Stock) shall then have the right to receive the number of shares of Parent
Common Stock as shall equal the Pro Rata Amount multiplied by the Exchange
Ratio multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of such share of Company Preferred Stock immediately prior
the Effective Time; provided, however, that an aggregate of 400,000 shares of
Parent Common Stock issuable to holders of Company Stock pursuant to
the Merger shall be delivered into escrow pursuant to Section 2.1(h) hereof
and held as specified in the Escrow Agreement.   (c) Cancellation of
Company Stock owned by Parent or Company. At the Effective Time, all shares
of Company Stock that are owned by the Company as treasury stock and each
share of Company Stock owned by Parent or any direct or indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent or of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof.  
(d) Cancellation of Company Stock; Payment of Merger Consideration.
All shares of Company Stock, when converted in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.1(a) or (b) above, shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a Certificate representing any such shares shall cease to  
6  have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Section 2.1, and any cash in
lieu of fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.1(g) hereof, all to
be issued or paid in consideration therefor upon the surrender of such
Certificates in accordance with Section 2.2, without interest (collectively,
the "MERGER CONSIDERATION"). The Merger Consideration payable following the
Effective Time to each holder of shares of Company Stock (each a "COMPANY
STOCKHOLDER") in respect of the shares of Company Stock owned by such Company
Stockholder shall be as set forth on Schedule 2.1(d), which schedule lists
the name and mailing address of each Company Stockholder, the number of
shares of each class of Company Stock held by such Company Stockholder, the
number of options or warrants to purchase shares of Company Stock held by
such Company Stockholder, and whether, to the Company\'s knowledge, such
Company Stockholder is an "accredited investor" as that term is defined in
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. On the Closing Date, the
Company shall deliver an updated version of Schedule 2.1(d) (the "UPDATED
SCHEDULE 2.1(d)") that shall identify the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock issuable to such Company Stockholder (including the number of shares of
such Parent Common Stock initially deliverable to the Escrow Agent and
subject to the provisions of the Escrow Agreement, and the cash amount, if
any, due such Company Stockholder in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to
Section 2.1(g)).   (e) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. At the Effective Time,
each share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Merger Sub ("MERGER
SUB COMMON STOCK") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable
share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent. Each stock certificate of Merger Sub evidencing ownership of any
such shares shall continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital
stock of the Surviving Corporation.   (f) Company Stock Options. Outstanding
options and warrants to purchase shares of Company Common Stock shall be
treated in the manner set forth in Section 6.7.   (g) No Fractional Shares.
No fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock will be issued, but in lieu
thereof, each holder of shares of Company Stock who would otherwise be
entitled to a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating
all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to be received by such holder)
shall receive from Parent an amount of cash without interest (rounded to the
nearest whole cent) equal to the product of (i) such fraction, multiplied by
(ii) the Average Closing Price.   (h) Escrow. At the Effective Time, Parent
shall instruct its transfer agent (the "TRANSFER AGENT") to deliver to an
escrow agent mutually selected by Parent and the Company, or any successor
escrow agent appointed pursuant to the Escrow Agreement (the "ESCROW AGENT")
certificates evidencing 400,000 shares of Parent Common Stock issued in the
name of each Company Stockholder in the amounts set forth after such Company
Stockholder\'s name on the Updated Schedule 2.1(d). The portion of the Escrow
Shares deposited with the Escrow Agent by each Company Stockholder shall be
determined on a pro rata basis in   7  proportion to each Company
Stockholder\'s relative ownership interest in the total number of shares of
Parent Common Stock issued to holders of Company Stock in connection with the
Merger.   (i) Dissenting Shares.   (i) Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company Stock that are issued and
outstanding prior to the Effective Time and which are held by stockholders
who (A) have not voted such shares in favor of the Merger, (B) shall have
delivered a written demand for purchase of such shares and payment to such
stockholders in cash of their fair value of such shares and otherwise
perfected their rights as dissenters in the manner provided in Section 85 et
seq. of the MBCL and (C) as of the Effective Time, shall not have effectively
withdrawn or lost such right to dissenters\' rights ("DISSENTING SHARES"),
shall not be converted into or represent a right to receive the shares of
Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or (b) hereof, but the
holders thereof shall be entitled only to such rights as are granted by
Section 85 et seq. of the MBCL. Each holder of Dissenting Shares who becomes
entitled to payment for such shares pursuant to Section 85 et seq. of the
MBCL shall receive payment therefor from the Surviving Corporation in
accordance with the MBCL; provided, however, that if any such holder of
Dissenting Shares shall have effectively withdrawn such holder\'s demand for
appraisal of such shares or lost such holder\'s right to appraisal and
payment of such shares under Section 85 et seq. of the MBCL, such holder or
holders (as the case may be) shall forfeit the right of appraisal of such
shares and each such share shall thereupon be deemed to have been canceled,
extinguished and converted, as of the Effective Time, into and represent the
right to receive payment from the Surviving Corporation of the applicable
shares of Parent Common Stock, as provided in Section 2.1(a) and (b)
hereof.   (ii) The Company shall give Parent (A) prompt notice of
any written demand for fair value, any withdrawal of a demand for fair value
and any other instrument served pursuant to Section 85 et seq. of the MBCL
received by the Company, and (B) the opportunity to direct all negotiations
and proceedings with respect to demands for fair value under Section 85 of
the MBCL. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demand for fair
value or offer to settle or settle any such demand.   (j) Adjustment to
Exchange Ratio and Pro Rata Amount. The Exchange Ratio and the Pro Rata
Amount shall be adjusted in the event of any stock split, reverse stock
split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution or securities
convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Common
Stock), reorganization, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares,
adjustment or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock or
Company Stock occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time, so as to provide holders of Company Stock and Parent the same economic
effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, combination,
exchange of shares adjustment or other like change. Parent acknowledges that
as of the date of this Agreement (i) the Exchange Ratio and Pro Rata  
8  Amount do not account for the two-for-one stock split in the Parent
Common Stock that became effective with respect to shares outstanding on
November 30, 2000 but which will not be reflected in the trading price of the
Parent Common Stock until December 16, 2000; and (ii) the Exchange Ratio and
Pro Rata Amount shall be adjusted to account for such stock split.   (k)
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall be
defined as follows:   (i) "Average Closing Price" shall mean the average of
the daily closing price of Parent Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market
over the fifteen (15) trading days ending three (3) calendar days prior to
the Effective Time;   (ii) "Series D Liquidation Preference" shall mean,
for each share of the Company\'s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, that number of shares of
Parent Common Stock which shall equal (x) the liquidation preference plus
accrued but unpaid dividends for each share of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock set forth in Section 2(a)(i) of Attachment D to the Company\'s Articles
of Amendment dated November 8, 1999, divided by (y) the Average Closing Price
of the Parent Common Stock;   (iii) "Pro Rata Amount" shall mean (i)
4,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock (or such higher amount as may be made
available for exchange of Company Stock in accordance with Section 7.2(f)),
minus (ii) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to a fraction,
the numerator of which equals the cash payments made to holders of Dissenting
Shares plus any cash payments made pursuant to Section 2.1(l), and the
denominator of which shall equal the Average Closing Price, minus (iii) the
product of (x) the aggregate Series D Liquidation Preference multiplied by
(y) the total number of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time; and   (iv) "Exchange
Ratio" shall mean (x) the Pro Rata Amount divided by (y) the total number of
shares of Company Common Stock, Company Preferred Stock and Company Stock
Options outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, determined on a
fully-diluted and as-converted basis, which the Company has represented to be
17,736,070 shares as of the date of this Agreement.   (l) Payment for
Certain Shares. In the event that (i) a Company Stockholder that is either
not an "accredited investor" as of the Closing and either (A) fails to
appoint a purchaser representative, (B) fails to establish to the Parent\'s
reasonable satisfaction that such Company Stockholder satisfies the
requirements of Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) without the appointment of a
purchaser representative, or (C) fails to execute such investment
representations and other documents as Parent may reasonably require in order
to assure that the offer, issuance and delivery of Parent Common Stock to
such Company Stockholder is exempt from the registration requirements of
applicable federal and state law; or (ii) a Company stockholder   9  that
is an "accredited investor" fails to execute such investment representations
and other documents as Parent may reasonably require in order to assure that
the offer, issuance and delivery of Parent Common Stock to such Company
Stockholder is exempt from the registration requirements of
applicable federal and state law, then in exchange for such Company
Stockholder\'s shares and in lieu of the Parent Common Stock to which such
holder is entitled under Section 2.1(d), Parent may elect to pay such Company
Stockholder a cash amount equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock to which such holder would otherwise be entitled under
Section 2.1(d), multiplied by (y) the Average Closing Price. Further, in the
event that the Company has greater than 35 unaccredited investors at Closing
(without counting any Company Stockholder that would receive cash pursuant to
the preceding sentence), then the Parent shall have the right to cause to be
delivered at Closing to that number of unaccredited investors above 35, in
exchange for such Company Stockholder\'s shares and in lieu of the Parent
Common Stock to which such holder would otherwise be entitled under Section
2.1(d), a cash amount equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock to which such holder would otherwise be entitled under
Section 2.1(d), multiplied by (y) the Average Closing Price. The Company
Stockholders to receive payment pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be
determined, in ascending order, based on the smallest number of shares of
Company Stock held by Company Stockholders.   SECTION 2.2 Exchange of
Certificates.   (a) Exchange Procedures. As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall instruct the Transfer Agent to promptly issue
stock certificates representing the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable pursuant to Section 2.1(a) or 2.1(b) in exchange for outstanding
shares of Company Stock, which shares of Parent Common Stock shall be deemed
to have been issued at the Effective Time and which shares of Parent Common
Stock will bear appropriate legends evidencing, among other things, (i) the
fact that such shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, and
(ii) any restrictions on transfer imposed by the Lock-up Agreement (as
defined below) if applicable. Parent shall instruct the Transfer Agent to
issue and deliver the shares of Parent Common Stock to be delivered to the
Company Stockholders and the Escrow Agent in the name of the holders of
record of the certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Company Stock (the "CERTIFICATES");
provided, however, that Parent may instruct the Transfer Agent to not deliver
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock pending receipt by
Parent or the Transfer agent of the Certificates representing the right to
receive such shares of Parent Stock (or an affidavit or indemnity reasonably
acceptable to Parent in accordance with Section 2.2(e) below). As soon as
practicable following the Effective Time, Parent shall deliver to the
Stockholder Representative, for the benefit of the Company Stockholders,
checks representing the payments due to the Company Stockholders in lieu of
fractional shares in accordance with Section 2.1(g), which checks shall be
distributed to the Company Stockholders by the Stockholder Representative. In
the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company Stock which is not
registered in the transfer records of the Company as of the  
10  Effective Time, a certificate representing the proper number of shares
of Parent Common Stock may be issued to a transferee if the Certificate
evidencing such Company Stock is presented to Parent, accompanied by all
documents required by Parent to evidence and effect such transfer and by
evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. Until so
surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that, prior to the Effective Time,
represented shares of Company Stock will be deemed from and after the
Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to represent only the right to
receive, upon surrender, the Merger Consideration.   (b) No Liability.
Neither Parent, Merger Sub nor the Company, nor any of their respective
directors, officers, employees or agents, shall be liable to any holder of
Company Stock or Parent Common Stock, as the case may be, for such shares (or
dividends or distributions with respect thereto) delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
law.   (c) Withholding Rights. To the extent that any portion of the
Merger Consolidation is paid in cash to holders of Dissenting Shares for
fractional shares, or otherwise, Parent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from such Merger Consideration such amounts as Parent is required to
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by Parent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
shares of Parent Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by Parent.   (d) No Further Ownership Rights in Company
Stock. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall
be closed, and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers
on the stock transfer books of the Company or the Surviving Corporation of
the shares of Company Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such
time. If, after such time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided
in this Article II.   (e) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the
event any Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent
shall instruct the Transfer Agent to issue in exchange therefor, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such shares of
Parent Common Stock as may be required pursuant to Section 2.1(a) as well as
the other Merger Consideration as provided in this Article II; provided,
however that Parent may, in its sole discretion and as a condition precedent
to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates to deliver an agreement of indemnification in form satisfactory
to Parent, or a bond in such sum as Parent may reasonably direct as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against Parent with respect to the
Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.   SECTION 2.3
Restrictions On Transfer of Parent Common Stock.   11   (a) No Employee
Holder (as hereinafter defined) may, directly or indirectly, sell, offer to
sell, contract to sell, grant an option to purchase, pledge, assign or make
any other disposition or transfer of (other than bona fide gifts to donees
who agree in writing to be similarly bound) (collectively, a "TRANSFER") any
shares of Parent Common Stock received by such Employee Holder as part of the
Merger Consideration or upon exercise of Substitute Options (as defined in
Section 6.7 of this Agreement) (collectively, the "EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED
SHARES") except as follows: (i) one-third (1/3) of each Employee Holder\'s
Employee Restricted Shares may be Transferred at any time after the Effective
Time, (ii) one-third (1/3) of each Employee Holder\'s Employee Restricted
Shares may be Transferred at any time after nine months following
the Effective Time, and (iii) the remainder of each Employee Holder\'s
Employee Restricted Shares of Parent Common Stock may be Transferred at any
time after fifteen (15) months following the Effective Time; provided,
however, Employee Restricted Shares shall not include shares received by an
Employee Holder in exchange for Company Preferred Stock, which shares shall
be treated as Non-Employee Restricted Shares (as herein defined). For
purposes of this paragraph, an "EMPLOYEE HOLDER" shall mean any person
entitled to receive Substitute Options in connection with the Merger and any
Company Stockholder who was an employee of the Company immediately prior to
the Effective Time or who received Company Stock upon exercise of any option
or warrant prior to the Effective Time (other than shares acquired as a
result of exercise of any warrants held by Series A Preferred stockholders),
but only with respect to Employee Restricted Shares held by such holder;
provided, however, that Cornelius Ferris shall be deemed to be a Non-Employee
Holder pursuant to this Agreement.   (b) No Non-Employee Holder (as
hereinafter defined) may effect a Transfer of any shares of Parent Common
Stock received by such Non-Employee Holder as part of the Merger
Consideration (the "NON-EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED SHARES") for a period of 180 days
following the Effective Time, except as follows: (i) any Non-Employee
Restricted Shares that are sold in the underwritten offering contemplated by
Section 2.4(b) of this Agreement (the "UNDERWRITTEN PUBLIC OFFERING") shall
not be subject to the restrictions on Transfer from and after the effective
date of the registration statement relating to the Underwritten Public
Offering; provided, however, if such Underwritten Public Offering is not
completed within ninety (90) days of the Closing, or is otherwise delayed,
terminated or withdrawn for any reason, one-half (1/2) of each Non-Employee
Holder\'s Non-Employee Restricted Shares may be Transferred at any time after
ninety (90) days following the Closing, (ii) one-half (1/2) of each Non-
Employee Holder\'s Non-Employee Restricted Shares either (A) not sold in the
Underwritten Public Offering which are held by Non-Employee Holders
participating in such Underwritten Public Offering, or (B) not previously
released from restrictions on Transfer in the event that the Underwritten
Public Offering was not completed within ninety (90) days of the Closing, may
be Transferred at any time after one hundred eighty (180) days following the
Closing, (iii) all of each Non-Employee Holder\'s Non-Employee Restricted
Shares owned by Non-Employee Holders who elected not to participate in the
Underwritten Public Offering may be Transferred at any time after one hundred
eighty (180) days following the Effective Time, and (iv) all Non-Employee
Restricted Shares may be Transferred at any time after one hundred  
12  eighty (180) days following the Effective Time. For purposes of Sections
2.3 and 2.4, a "NON-EMPLOYEE HOLDER" shall mean a Company Stockholder other
than an Employee Holder and shall include any Company Stockholder who is an
employee of Company immediately prior to the Effective Time with respect to
any shares of Company Preferred Stock held by such person.   (c) The
Company shall use its best efforts to cause each Company Stockholder and each
person receiving Substitute Options pursuant to Section 6.7 of this Agreement
to execute a copy of a Lock-Up Agreement reflecting the restrictions
described in Sections 2.3(a) and (b) above, as applicable, and in a form
reasonably acceptable to Parent (a "LOCK-UP AGREEMENT").   (d) The Parent
Common Stock issued in connection with the Merger is being issued pursuant to
an exemption from registration provided for in Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act. Each certificate representing shares of Parent Common Stock issued in
connection with the Merger shall be subject to stop transfer instructions and
shall bear all legends required under federal or state securities laws as
well as legends reflecting the lock-up restrictions described in (a) through
(c) above. The restrictions in (a) through (c) above are in addition to, and
not in lieu of, any restrictions on resale imposed by applicable federal or
state securities laws.   SECTION 2.4 Registration of Parent Common
Stock.   (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below, within twenty
(20) days after the Closing Date, Parent shall file with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a registration statement under the
Securities Act on Form S-3 (or any successor form) or other appropriate form
covering the reoffer and resale of the Parent Common Stock received by the
Company Stockholders in connection with the Merger. Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to
become effective under the Securities Act after filing and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to keep such registration statement effective
for a period of two years from the Closing Date or, if earlier, until the
Company Stockholders have completed the distribution contemplated by such
registration statement. Parent will amend or supplement any such registration
statement to the extent necessary to comply with the Securities Act and any
state securities statute or regulation.   (b) The resale of at least one-
half of the Non-Employee Restricted Shares pursuant to the registration
statement described in (a) above will be pursuant to an offering to be
underwritten by one or more investment banks of Parent\'s choice (the
"UNDERWRITTEN PUBLIC OFFERING"), which underwriting shall be completed on or
before ninety (90) days following the Closing Date. In the event that the
Underwritten Public Offering is not completed on or before ninety (90) days
following the Closing Date, or is otherwise delayed, terminated or withdrawn
for any reason, additional shares of Non-Employee Restricted Shares shall be
released from lockup as set forth in Section 2.3(b) above. Each Non-Employee
Holder   13  shall notify Parent in writing within twenty (20) days prior
to the proposed closing of the Underwritten Public Offering or such earlier
period as the managing underwriter of such Underwritten Public Offering shall
require as to the number of Non-Employee Restricted Shares that the Non-
Employee Holder wish to have registered in the Underwritten Public Offering
(the "REQUESTED SHARES"). All of the Requested Shares shall be included in
such Underwritten Public Offering, unless the underwriters shall advise the
Parent in writing that marketing factors require a limitation on the number
of securities to be underwritten (including Requested Shares), in which case
the Parent shall advise the Representative, and the number of shares to be
included in the Underwritten Public Offering shall be allocated, first to the
Non-Employee Holders holding Requested Shares on a pro rata basis based on
the total number of Requested Shares held by each such Non-Employee Holder;
and second, to any other holders of Parent Shares; provided, however, that in
no event shall the number of Requested Shares permitted to be included in the
Underwritten Public Offering be reduced below one-quarter of the aggregate
number of Non-Employee Restricted Shares.   (c) In addition to the
registration contemplated by (a) above, within fifteen (15) days following
the Closing Date, Parent shall file with the Securities Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act (or
any successor form) or other appropriate form with respect to the Parent
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Substitute Options. Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to
become effective under the Securities Act upon filing. To the extent that the
Company is not eligible to utilize Form S-8 with respect to any Substitute
Option or holder thereof, the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of such ineligible Substitute Option shall be registered (but
not underwritten) pursuant to Section 2.4(a) above.   (d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, upon written notice to the Company
Stockholders, Parent shall be entitled to suspend sales of Parent Common
Stock by Company Stockholders pursuant to the registration statement filed in
accordance with Section 2.4(a) for a period of up to sixty (60) days if
Parent reasonably and in good faith determines that such registration would
interfere in any material respect with any proposal or plan by the Parent to
engage in any material acquisition or disposition by Parent or any subsidiary
thereof of the capital stock or substantially all of the assets of any other
person or entity (other than in the ordinary course of business), any tender
offer or any merger, consolidation, corporate reorganization or restructuring
or other similar transaction material to Parent and its subsidiaries as a
whole (a "REGISTRATION STATEMENT DELAYING EVENT"). In the event the
registration statement filed pursuant to Section 2.4(a) is suspended in
accordance with this Section 2.4(d), Parent shall file or refile such
registration statement after the Registration Statement Delaying Event
has been completed, which shall in no event exceed sixty (60) days after the
Parent determined to suspend the registration statement, and the time periods
set forth in Section 2.4(a) shall be extended by the number of days which
elapsed between the date on which Parent determined to suspend the
registration statement and the date on which the Registration Statement
Delaying Event was completed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a  
14  Registration Statement Delaying Event shall in no event be available to
the Parent (i) more than once in any twelve-month period, and (ii) until at
least ninety (90) days after the Effective Time.   (e) Parent will pay any
and all expenses incident to Parent\'s performance of or compliance with its
obligations under this Section 2.4, including, without limitation, all
registration and filing fees (including NASD or Nasdaq Stock Market fees),
all printing expenses, fees and disbursements of Parent\'s counsel and
accountants and the fees and expenses of one counsel representing all of the
Company Stockholders whose Parent Common Stock is being registered in
connection with an Underwritten Public Offering; provided, however, that
Parent shall not be required to pay any underwriters\' discounts
or commissions associated with the sale of such Parent Common Stock. Parent
agrees to provide each holder of Parent Common Stock whose shares are so
registered with as many copies of the prospectus contained in any
registration statement filed pursuant to this Section 2.4 as may be
reasonably requested.   (f) Registration Procedures. With respect to any
registration made in accordance with this Section 2.4, Parent shall:   (i)
Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to such
registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with such
registration statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of
the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered
by such registration statement;   (ii) Furnish to the Company Stockholders
such number of copies of the registration statement, each amendment and
supplement thereto, the prospectus included in the registration statement
(including each preliminary prospectus and each amendment or supplement
thereto), and such other publicly-available documents as Company Stockholders
may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the shares
of Parent Common Stock covered by the registration statement;   (iii) Cause
all of the shares of Parent Common Stock issued to the Company Stockholders
hereunder to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the
same class as the Parent Common Stock;   (iv) In the event of the issuance
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement,
or of any order suspending or preventing the use of any related prospectus or
suspending the qualification of any shares of Parent Common Stock included in
the registration statement for sale in any jurisdiction, Parent shall use
commercially reasonable efforts promptly to obtain the withdrawal of such
order; and    (v) In the event of an Underwritten Public Offering, enter
into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual
and customary form, with   15  the managing underwriter(s) of such
offering and the holders of the Registerable Securities being sold in such
offering.   (g) It shall be a condition precedent to the obligation of
Parent to register any shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Section
2.4 that the holders of the shares so registered shall (i) execute a Lock-Up
Agreement, and (ii) furnish to Parent such information regarding themselves,
the shares held by them and the intended method of disposition of such shares
as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such shares and
to execute such documents in connection with such registration as Parent may
reasonably request.   (h) Indemnification and Contribution.   (i)
Indemnification by Parent. Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless each
Company Stockholder whose Shares of Parent Common Stock are included in any
registration pursuant to Section 2.4(a) or (b) hereof (any such included
shares, "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES"), its officers, managers, directors and
partners, and each controlling person of any of the foregoing, against
all claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
arising out of or based on: any untrue statement (or alleged untrue
statement) of a material fact contained in any prospectus, offering,
circular, or other document relating to such Registrable Securities (or in
any related registration statement, notification or the like) or any omission
(or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or, in
connection with any such registration, any violation by Parent of the
Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"EXCHANGE ACT"), or any applicable state securities laws, or any rule or
regulation promulgated thereunder, and will reimburse each such Company
Stockholder, each of its officers, managers, directors and partners, and each
such underwriter and controlling person for any legal or any other expenses
reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such
claim, loss, damage, liability or action, whether or not resulting in
liability; provided, however, that Parent will not be liable in any such case
to the extent that any such claim, loss, damage or liability (i) arises out
of or is based on any untrue statement or omission based upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to Parent by such
Company Stockholder or underwriter specifically for use therein, or (ii)
results solely from the failure of such Company Stockholder to deliver a copy
of the registration statement, prospectus, offering circular or any
amendments or supplements thereto after Parent has furnished such Company
Stockholder with a reasonable number of copies thereof.   (ii)
Indemnification by the Company Stockholders. Each participating Company
Stockholder shall indemnify and hold harmless Parent, each of its directors
and officers, each underwriter of the Registrable Securities, each other
participating Company Stockholder, its officers, managers, directors and
partners, and each controlling person of any of the foregoing, against
all claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof)
arising out of or based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement)
of   16  a material fact contained in any prospectus, offering circular,
or other document relating to the Registrable Securities (or in any related
registration statement, notification or the like) or any omission (or alleged
omission) to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or by the failure of
such Company Stockholder to deliver a copy of the registration statement,
prospectus, offering circular, or any amendments or supplements thereto after
Parent has furnished the Company Stockholder with a reasonable number of
copies thereof, and will reimburse Parent and each such director, manager,
officer or controlling person for any legal or any other expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such claim, loss,
damage, liability or action, provided, however, that no Company Stockholder
will be liable in any such case except to the extent that any such claim,
loss, damage or liability arises out of any untrue statement or omission
based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to Parent by
such Company Stockholder for use therein, and provided, further, that no
Company Stockholder will be liable under this Section for losses, costs,
damages or expenses exceeding in the aggregate the net proceeds received by
such Company Stockholder in such offering.   (iii) Procedures for
Indemnification. Each party entitled to indemnification under Subsection (i)
or (ii) (the "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") shall give notice to the party required to
provide indemnification (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") promptly after such
Indemnified Party has actual knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may
be sought, and shall permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of
any such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom; provided, that counsel
for the Indemnifying Party, who shall conduct the defense of such claim or
any litigation resulting therefrom, shall be approved by the Indemnified
Party (whose approval shall not be unreasonably withheld); and, provided,
further, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give notice as provided
herein shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this
Agreement. The Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such
party\'s expense; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall
pay such expense if the Indemnified Party shall believe in good faith
that representation of such Indemnified Party by the counsel retained by
the Indemnifying Party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between the Indemnified Party and any other party
represented by such counsel in such proceeding. No Indemnifying Party, in the
defense of any such claim or litigation shall, except with the consent of
each Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving
by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all
liability in respect of such claim or litigation, and no Indemnified Party
shall consent to entry of any judgment or settle such claim or litigation
without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party.   (iv)
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Subsections (i) or (ii)
is unavailable to any Indemnified Party thereunder in respect of any losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to in
such Sections, then each person or entity that would have been an
Indemnifying Party thereunder shall contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses,   17  claims,
damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as
is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party on the
one hand and such Indemnified Party on the other. The relative fault shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying
Party or such Indemnified Party, and the parties\' relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or
prevent such statement or omission, or whether such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arose out of the action or
failure to act of one or more of such parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Company Stockholder including Registrable Securities in the registration
will be required to contribute any amount in excess of the net proceeds
received by such Company Stockholder sold by such Company Stockholder
pursuant to such registration statement.   ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as set forth in the written
disclosure schedule dated as of the date hereof prepared by the Company,
signed by the chief executive officer of the Company and delivered to Parent
simultaneously with the execution hereof (the "DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"), the
Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that all of the
statements contained in this Article III are true and correct as of the date
of this Agreement (or, if made as of a specified date, as of such date). Each
exception set forth in the Disclosure Schedule and each other response to
this Agreement set forth in the Disclosure Schedule is identified by
reference to, or has been grouped under a heading referring to, a specific
individual section of this Agreement and relates only to such section except
to the extent that one portion of the Disclosure Schedule specifically refers
to another portion thereof, identifying such other portion by
section reference or similar specific cross-reference.   SECTION 3.1
Organization and Qualification.   (a) The Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and has the requisite corporate power and
authority necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to
own, lease or operate and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted or presently proposed to be conducted.   (b) The Company has one
wholly owned subsidiary, a corporation duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware (which has never
conducted any business, is not a party to any contract and owns no material
assets), and does not directly or indirectly own any equity, debt (other than
trade receivables received in the ordinary course of business) or similar
interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for, any equity or similar interest in, or have the right to vote any
interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business
association or   18  entity. The Company is not subject to any obligation
or requirement to provide funds or to make any investment (in the form of a
loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in or to any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, or other business
association or entity.   (c) The Company is duly qualified or licensed to do
business and is in good standing in each of the jurisdictions specified in
Section 3.1 of the Disclosure Schedule, which includes each jurisdiction in
which the nature of its business or the properties owned or leased by it
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for any such
jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify or be licensed, individually and
in the aggregate for all such jurisdictions, would not reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Company.    SECTION 3.2 Articles
of Organization and Bylaws. The Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a
true, complete and correct copy of its Articles of Organization, as amended
to date (the "COMPANY CHARTER"), and Bylaws, as amended to date (the "COMPANY
BYLAWS"). Such Company Charter and Company Bylaws are in full force and
effect. The Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the
Company Charter or Company Bylaws.   SECTION 3.3 Capitalization, Transaction
Expenses.   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists
of 20,000,000 shares of common stock, $.0025 par value per share ("COMPANY
COMMON STOCK"), 55,556 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01
par value per share (the "SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK"), 675,331 shares of
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (including 42,000 shares of Series B-1
Convertible Preferred Stock), $0.01 par value per share (the "SERIES B
PREFERRED STOCK"), 388,772 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
(including 97,105 shares of Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock), $0.01
par value per share (the "SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK"), and 1,617,211 shares of
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "SERIES
D PREFERRED STOCK") The Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock,
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock are collectively
referred to herein as the "COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK"). The Company Preferred
Stock and Company Common Stock are collectively referred to herein as the
"COMPANY STOCK". As of the date hereof, (i) 3,190,551 shares of Company
Common Stock are issued and outstanding and 11,325,664 shares of Company
Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Company
Preferred Stock; (ii) an aggregate of 3,086,523 shares of Company Common
Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of options or warrants
(collectively, the "COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS") granted pursuant to any option
plan, arrangement or agreement of the Company (collectively, the
"COMPANY OPTION PLAN"); (iii) 55,556 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding, (iv) 675,351 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding, (v) 292,945 shares of Series C Preferred Stock are
issued and outstanding, and (vi) 1,405,410 shares of Series D Preferred Stock
are issued and   19  outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of
Company Stock are, and all shares reserved for issuance as specified above
upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instruments
pursuant to which they are issuable, shall be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable. All of the issued and outstanding
shares of Company Stock have been offered, issued and sold by the Company in
compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws except to the
extent where non-compliance could not have a material adverse affect on the
Company. Section 3.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and
correct list as of the date hereof, of (i) the number of shares
of outstanding Company Stock, including the class or series of such stock and
the record and beneficial owners thereof, which shares represent all of
the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company, and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
outstanding stock options, warrants or similar rights, whether such option is
intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of
Section 422(b) of the Code and the vesting schedules, exercise prices and
expiration dates of such options or other rights to purchase or receive
shares of the Company\'s capital stock, and any restricted stock awards,
together with the number of shares and restrictions applicable thereto, and
identifies, in each case, the persons who are the record owners of the
Company Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time. Other than as set
forth on Section 3.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no rights,
contingent or otherwise, to purchase, acquire or otherwise obtain any shares
of Company Stock or other equity security of the Company or any security
convertible into or otherwise exchangeable for Company Stock or other equity
security of the Company. There are no obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Stock
or to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution, guarantee or otherwise) in any other entity other
than repurchase rights in favor of the Company with respect to Company Stock
owned by employees that the Company may exercise in its discretion. There are
no accrued and unpaid dividends with respect to any outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company other than accrued dividends on the Company\'s
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Company\'s Articles of Organization;
provided, however, that only accrued dividends on the Series D Preferred
Stock shall be paid (in shares of Parent Stock) upon Closing as contemplated
by Section 2.1(d). The Company has provided Parent with true and complete
copies of all certificates or other documents or instruments evidencing or
representing all Company Stock and all Company Stock Options, which
certificates or other documents or instruments reflect, except to the extent
identified on Section 3.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, all stock splits,
stock dividends or other transactions affecting the number of shares of
Company Stock evidenced by such certificates or other documents or
instruments.   (b) Except as described under Section 3.3(a) of this
Agreement, there are no equity securities of any class of the Company or any
security exchangeable into or exercisable for such equity securities, issued,
reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except as described under Section
3.3(a) of this Agreement, there are no options, warrants, calls, rights,
commitments or agreements of any character to which the Company is a party,
or by which the Company is bound, obligating the Company to issue, deliver or
sell, or cause to be issued,   20  delivered or sold, additional shares
of capital stock of the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend or
accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such option, warrant, call,
right, commitment or agreement. There is no indebtedness of the Company
issued and outstanding that has general voting rights, or any debt
convertible into securities having such rights. There are no voting trusts,
proxies or other similar agreements or understandings with respect to the
shares of capital stock of the Company. There are no obligations, contingent
or otherwise, of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
shares of capital stock of the Company or to provide funds to or make any
investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any
other entity. Other than repurchase rights in favor of the Company
with respect to Company Stock owned by employees that the Company may
exercise in its discretion, there are no agreements, written or oral, between
the Company and any holder of its securities or others, or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, among any holders of its securities, relating to the acquisition
(including without limitation rights of first refusal, anti-dilution or pre-
emptive rights), disposition, or registration under the Securities Act of the
capital stock of the Company, in each case, which have not been effectively
waived prior to the Closing Date.   SECTION 3.4 Authority Relative to this
Agreement. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and each instrument required hereby to be
executed and delivered by it at the Closing and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each
instrument required hereby to be executed and delivered at the Closing by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, except for the Stockholder
Approval (as herein defined). This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its
material terms.   SECTION 3.5 Corporate Approvals Regarding
Transactions.   (a) The Board of Directors of the Company has, at a
telephonic meeting of such Board of Directors held on December 7, 2000,
approved and adopted this Agreement, the Merger, and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, declared the advisability of the Merger and
recommended that the stockholders of the Company approve the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby, and has not rescinded or modified in
any respect any of such actions.   (b) The only votes of holders of the
Company\'s capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby are (i) the affirmative vote of the holders
of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company
Preferred Stock (voting on an as converted basis) voting as a single class,
(ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of 51% of the outstanding shares of
Company Series D Preferred Stock,   21  and (iii) the affirmative vote of
the holders of 51% of the outstanding shares of Company Series C Preferred
Stock and Series B Preferred Stock voting as a single class.   (c) The
execution and delivery of the Voting Agreements by the Company Stockholders
who have delivered such Voting Agreements to Parent do not (i) violate the
Company Charter, the Company Bylaws or any other agreement or arrangement to
which the Company is a party, or any such agreement or arrangement to which,
to the Company\'s knowledge, such Company Stockholders are a party. The
Company knows of no reason why the Voting Agreements would not be binding and
enforceable in accordance with their terms against the Company Stockholders
that are parties to such Voting Agreements.   (d) The Soliciting Materials
(as defined in Section 5.5. hereof) shall comply in all material respects
with the provisions of the Company Charter, Company Bylaws, and applicable
law, including the MBCL as well as state and federal securities laws, and
shall not contain any material misstatement or material omission of material
fact necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be responsible for any material misstatement or material
omissions contained in (i) Parent SEC Reports (as defined in Section 4.5
hereof), if any, included therein, or (ii) the Parent Information (as
herein defined), if any, supplied pursuant to Rule 502(b)(2) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act in connection with this transaction
and included in the Soliciting Materials (as herein defined).   SECTION 3.6
Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.   (a) Except for the material
contracts, commitments, leases, licenses, plans and agreements listed on
Section 3.6(a) of the Disclosure Schedule (the "COMPANY AGREEMENTS"), the
Company is not party to or subject to:   (i) any agreement (or group of
related agreements) which requires future expenditures by the Company in
excess of $250,000 or which might result in payments to the Company in excess
of $250,000 or is otherwise material to the Company\'s business;   (ii) any
material contract or agreement for, the purchase or sale of any commodity,
product, material, supplies, equipment or other personal property, other than
purchase or sale orders entered into in the ordinary course of business;  
(iii) any employment, consulting or independent contractor agreements,
employee benefit, bonus, pension, profit-sharing, stock option, stock
purchase or similar plans and arrangements;   (iv) any distributor, sales
representative or similar material agreement;   22   (v) any material
license agreement (whether as licensor or licensee) with respect to any
Intellectual Property (as defined below) other than commonly available third
party software;   (vi) any material agreement with any current or
former stockholder, officer or director of the Company, or any "affiliate"
or "associate" of such persons (as such terms are defined in the rules
and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act), including without
limitation any agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing,
of services by, rental of real or personal property from, or otherwise
requiring payments to, any such person;   (vii) any agreement or other
commitment with any person or entity containing covenants limiting the
freedom of the Company or any of the Company\'s affiliates, employees,
directors, officers, consultants or agents to compete in any line of business
or with any person or entity or in any geographical location or to use or
disclose any information in their possession;   (viii) any material loan
agreement, indenture, note, bond, debenture, guarantee or any other document
or agreement evidencing a capitalized lease obligation or indebtedness to any
person or any agreement of guaranty, indemnification or other similar
commitment with respect to the obligations or liabilities of any other
person;   (ix) any agreement for the disposition of Company assets
other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices;   (x) any agreement for the acquisition of the business or
shares of another party (except repurchase rights in favor of the Company for
shares of Company common stock owned by any employee, officer, director,
consultant, or advisor to the Company);   (xi) any contract or agreement
concerning a partnership or joint venture with one or more person;   (xii)
any hedging, futures, options or other derivative contracts;   (xiii) any
lease of real property;   (xiv) any material agreement which contains a
fixed penalty or liquidated damages clause for late performance or other
default by the Company to the extent that such late performance or default
would cause a material adverse effect to the company; or   (xv) any other
agreement or contract (or group of related agreements or contracts) to the
extent not otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule, the performance
of   23  which involves consideration paid by the Company in excess of
$250,000 in any one year period.   (b) Correct and complete copies of all
Company Agreements, including all amendments thereto, have been made
available to Parent. The Company has not breached, is not in default under,
and has not received written notice of any breach of or default under, any
agreement required to be disclosed in Section 3.6(a) of the Disclosure
Schedule (each, a "MATERIAL CONTRACT"). To the Company\'s knowledge, no other
party to any Material Contract has breached or is in default of any of its
obligations thereunder to the extent that such breach or default would cause
a material adverse effect to the Company. Each Material Contract is in full
force and effect, except in any such case for breaches, defaults or failures
to be in full force and effect that do not currently have or would not have a
material adverse effect on the Company. To the Company\'s knowledge, each
Material Contract is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company and
each of the other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except that the enforcement thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter
in effect relating to creditors\' rights generally and (ii)
general principles of equity.   SECTION 3.7 No Conflict, Required Filings
and Consents.   (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each
instrument required hereby to be executed and delivered by the Company at the
Closing does not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will
not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter or Company Bylaws; (ii)
conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
applicable to the Company or by which it or any of its properties is bound or
affected; or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default), or
impair in any material respect the Company\'s rights or materially alter the
rights or obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights
of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of any Material
Contract, or result in the creation of any security interest, lien, claim,
pledge, agreement, limitation in voting rights, charge or other encumbrance
of any material nature (collectively, "LIENS") on any of the properties or
assets of the Company pursuant to any Company Agreement.   (b) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and any instrument required hereby
to be executed and delivered by the Company at the Closing does not, and the
performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, require any consent,
approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
court, administrative or regulatory agency or commission or
other governmental authority or instrumentality (whether domestic or foreign,
a "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY"), except (i) such consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be
required under applicable federal and state securities laws and the laws of
any foreign country; (ii) the filing and recordation of appropriate merger or
other documents as required by the MBCL; and (iii) any filings as required by
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Pre-Merger Notification Act of 1976 (the "HSR  
24  ACT"); and (iv) such other consents, approvals, authorizations or
permits which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse
effect on the Company.   (c) The consent of, or the delivery of notice to
or filing with, any party to a Material Contract is not required for the
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 3.8
Compliance, Permits.   (a) The Company is not in conflict with, or in
default or violation of (and has not received any notices of violation. with
respect to), any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to the Company or by which it or any of its properties is bound or affected,
and the Company has no knowledge of any such conflict, default or violation
thereunder, except in each case for any such conflicts, defaults or
violations that is not currently having or would not have a material adverse
effect on the Company.   (b) To the Company\'s knowledge, the Company holds
all permits, licenses, easements, variances, exemptions, consents,
certificates, authorizations, registrations, orders and other approvals from
Governmental Entities that are material to the operation of the business of
the Company as it is now being conducted (collectively, the "COMPANY
PERMITS"). The Company Permits are in full force and effect, have not been
violated in any respect that is currently having or would have a material
adverse effect on the Company, and no suspension, revocation or cancellation
thereof has been threatened and there is no action, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge threatened regarding
suspension, revocation or cancellation of any Company Permits, except where
the suspension, revocation or cancellation of such Company Permits would not
have a material adverse effect on the Company.   SECTION 3.9 Financial
Statements. Attached to Section 3.9 of the Disclosure Schedule are the
audited balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2000 (the "COMPANY
BALANCE SHEET") and September 30, 1999, together with the related statements
of income and cash flows for the fiscal years of the Company then ended (the
"FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"), all certified by Arthur Andersen LLP, the Company\'s
independent public accountants whose audit reports thereon are included
therewith. Each of the Financial Statements (including, in each case, any
related notes thereto) (i) was prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved, (ii) are complete and correct, and (iii) fairly
presents the financial position of the Company as of the respective dates
thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows and stockholder
equity for the periods indicated. Except as noted in the opinions contained
in the Financial Statements, such Financial Statements and opinions were
rendered without qualification or exception and were not subject to any
contingency. No event has occurred since the preparation of the most recent
Financial Statements that would require a restatement of the Financial
Statements under GAAP other than by reason of a change in GAAP.   25  
SECTION 3.10 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the date of
the Company Balance Sheet, the Company has conducted its business in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice and, since such date, there has
not occurred:   (a) any event, damage, destruction or loss, whether covered
by insurance or not, which has had or reasonably is expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company;   (b) any entry by the Company into
a commitment or transaction material to the Company, which is not in the
ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice;   (c) any
change by the Company in accounting principles, methods or practices, except
insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP;   (d) any
declaration, payment or setting aside for payment of any dividends or
distributions in respect to shares of Company Stock, or any redemption,
purchase or other acquisition of any shares of Company Stock;   (e) any
cancellation of any debts or waiver or release of any right or claim of the
Company individually or in the aggregate material to the Company, whether or
not in the ordinary course of business;   (f) any revaluations by the
Company of any of its assets or liabilities, including without limitation,
writing-off notes or accounts receivable;   (g) any material increase in the
rate or terms of compensation payable or to become payable by the Company to
any Company Personnel; any bonus, incentive compensation, service award or
other benefit granted, made or accrued, contingently or otherwise, for or to
the credit of any Company Personnel; employee welfare, pension, retirement,
profit-sharing or similar payment or arrangement made or agreed to by the
Company for any Company Personnel except for contributions in accordance with
prior practice made to, and payments made to employees under, plans and
arrangements existing on the date of the Company Balance Sheet;   (h) any
adoption of a plan of liquidation or resolutions providing for the
liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation or other reorganization
of the Company, other than in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby;   (i) any purchase, acquisition or sale by the Company of any
assets, other than in the ordinary course of business;   (j) any material
addition to, or material modification of, the Employee Plans, arrangements or
practices existing on the date of the Company Balance Sheet which  
26  affect any Company Personnel (other than accelerated vesting of Company
Options which will be triggered upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement);   (k) any amendment, cancellation or
termination of any Material Contract, including, without limitation, license
or sublicense, or other instrument to which the Company is a party or to
which the Company or any of the assets of the Company is bound;   (l) any
failure to pay when due any material obligation of the Company;   (m) any
failure to operate the business of the Company in the ordinary course with an
effort to preserve the business intact, to keep available to the Company the
services of their personnel, and to preserve for the Company the goodwill of
their customers and others having business relations with the Company except
for such failures that would not have a material adverse effect on the
Company;   (n) any commitment to borrow money entered into by the Company,
or any loans made or agreed to be made by the Company, involving more than
$50,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate;   (o) any liabilities
incurred by the Company involving $50,000 or more individually and $250,000
or more in the aggregate, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices, and (ii) the advance made
by Parent to the Company as evidenced by that certain Convertible Promissory
Note dated as of November 14, 2000 by the Company in favor of Parent (the
"ADVANCE");   (p) any payment, discharge or satisfaction of any material
liabilities of the Company or any material capital expenditure of the
Company, other than (i) the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the
ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice of liabilities
reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements or incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice since the date of
the Company Balance Sheet, and (ii) any capital expenditures involving
$50,000 or less individually and $250,000 or less in the aggregate;   (q)
any amendment of the Company Charter or Company Bylaws; or   (r) any
agreement by the Company to do any of the things described in the preceding
clauses (a) through (q) of this Section 3.10, other than as expressly
contemplated or provided for in this Agreement.   SECTION 3.11 No
Undisclosed Liabilities. To the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
liabilities of the Company, other than (i) liabilities disclosed or provided
for in the Company Balance Sheet, (ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business since the date of the Company Balance Sheet and which, if
existing, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company, or (iii)
the Advance. There is no probable or reasonably possible loss  
27  contingency (within the meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 5) known to the Company which is not reflected in the Financial
Statements (including the notes thereto).   SECTION 3.12 Absence of
Litigation. There are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or
investigations (i) pending against the Company or any properties or assets of
the Company, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company or any properties or assets of the Company, in each case, which
claims, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations could reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.   SECTION
3.13 Employee Benefit Plans, Options and Employment Agreements.   (a)
Section 3.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule includes a true, accurate and
complete list of each "EMPLOYEE PLAN" of the Company which consists of
each:   (i) "employee welfare benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(1) of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"), (A) which the Company maintains or administers or to which the
Company contributes or is required to contribute, and (B) which covers any
employee or former employee of the Company or under which the Company has any
liability (a "WELFARE PLAN");   (ii) "multiemployer plan," as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA, (A) which the Company or any corporation or other
trade or business which is treated as a single employer with the Company
under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or under Section 4001(b)(1)
of ERISA (a "CONTROLLED GROUP MEMBER") maintains or administers or to which
the Company or Controlled Group Member contributes or is required to
contribute, either currently or at any time since the Company\'s inception,
and (B) which covers or covered any employee or former employee of the
Company or Controlled Group Member or under which the Company or Controlled
Group Member has any liability (a "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN");   (iii) Employee
Plan which is maintained in connection with any trust described in Section
501(c)(9) of the Code;   (iv) "employee pension benefit plan" as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) (A) which the Company
maintains or administers or to which the Company contributes or is required
to contribute, and (B) which covers any employee or former employee of the
Company or under which the Company has any liability (a "PENSION PLAN");
and   (v) plan or arrangement (written or oral) providing for insurance
coverage (including any self-insured arrangements), workers\' compensation,
disability benefits, severance benefits, supplemental unemployment benefits,
vacation benefits, retirement benefits or for deferred compensation, profit-
sharing, bonuses, stock options, stock   28  appreciation rights, stock
purchases or other forms of incentive compensation or post-retirement
insurance, compensation or benefits which (A) is not a Welfare Plan, Pension
Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (B) is entered into, maintained, contributed to
or required to be contributed to, as the case may be, by the Company or under
which the Company has any liability, and (C) covers any employee or former
employee of the Company (collectively, "BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS");   (b) (i)
There is no Pension Plan, nor has the Company or any Controlled Group Member
at any time maintained, administered, contributed or been required to
contribute to any "employee pension benefit plan" as defined in Section
3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to the minimum funding requirements of
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, or the provisions of Title
IV of ERISA.   (ii) Each Pension Plan and each related trust agreement,
annuity contract or other funding instrument which is intended to be
qualified and tax-exempt under the provisions of Section 401(a) (or 403(a) as
appropriate) of the Code and Section 501(a) of the Code is so qualified and
has been so qualified during the period from its adoption to date.   (iii)
Each Pension Plan, each related trust agreement, annuity contract or other
funding instrument and each Welfare Plan complies in all material respects
and has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and, both as to
form and in operation, with the requirements prescribed by any and all
statutes, orders, rules and regulations which are applicable to such plans,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code.   (c) Each Benefit
Arrangement has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and
with the requirements prescribed by any and all applicable laws, rules and
regulations of any Governmental Entity.   (d) As of the date of this
Agreement and as of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor a Controlled
Group Member maintains, administers, contributes to or is required to
contribute to a Multiemployer Plan. Neither the Company nor a Controlled
Group Member has, at any time, withdrawn from a Multiemployer Plan in a
"complete withdrawal" or a "partial withdrawal" as defined in Sections
4203 and 4205 of ERISA respectively, which has resulted in any liability to
the Company.   (e) Neither the Company nor any plan fiduciary of any
Welfare Plan or Pension Plan has engaged in any transaction in violation of
Section 406(a) or (b) of ERISA or any "prohibited transaction," as defined in
Section 4975(c)(1) of the Code, for which no exemption exists under Section
4975(c)(2) or 4975(d) of the Code.   (f) Copies of each of the following
documents have been delivered by the Company to Parent: (i) each Welfare
Plan, Pension Plan and Multiemployer Plan (and, if applicable, related trust
agreements) and all amendments thereto, all written interpretations  
29  thereof and written descriptions thereof which have been generally
distributed to the persons entitled to benefits thereunder, and all annuity
contracts or other funding instruments, (ii) each Benefit Arrangement,
including written interpretations thereof and written descriptions thereof
which have been generally distributed to the persons entitled to benefits
thereunder (including descriptions of the number and level of persons covered
thereby) and complete descriptions of any Benefit Arrangement which is not in
writing, (iii) the most recent determination letter and/or opinion letter or
notification letter, as applicable, issued by the IRS with respect to each
Pension Plan intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the
Code, (iv) Annual Reports on Form 5500 Series required to be filed with any
governmental agency for each Pension Plan and Welfare Plan for the three most
recent plan years, (v) each form of notice and certification relating to
group health plans provided by the Company to its employees and their
beneficiaries required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
of 1985, as amended, or under the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, (vi) the results of nondiscrimination
testing performed with respect to each Pension Plan for the three most recent
plan years, (vii) a description of complete age, salary, service and related
data as of the last day of the last plan year for employees and former
employees of the Company covered under the Pension Plans, and (viii) a
description setting forth the amount of any liability of the Company
for payments more than thirty days past due with respect to each Welfare Plan
as of the Closing Date.   (g) Each Welfare Plan, Pension Plan, related
trust agreement, annuity contract or other funding instrument and each
Benefit Arrangement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
and is in full force and effect.   (h) Neither the Company nor any Welfare
Plan has any obligation to make any payment to or with respect to any former
officer, director, employee, independent contractor, agent, representative or
consultant of the Company ("COMPANY PERSONNEL") pursuant to any retiree
medical benefit or other Welfare Plan, except as required under the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and, to
the Company\'s knowledge, no condition exists which would prevent the Company
from amending or terminating any such benefit or Welfare Plan.   (i) The
Company would not have any obligation to make any severance or other payments
to any Company Personnel if such personnel was terminated prior to, at or
after the Closing other than such severance obligations disclosed in the
employment offer letters or employment agreements, copies of which have
been provided to Parent and each of which is listed in the Disclosure
Schedule.   (j) No benefit, payment or other entitlement under any Pension
Plan, Welfare Plan or Benefit Arrangement, or under any agreement relating to
the employment or retention of Company Personnel, will be established or
become accelerated, vested, payable or funded by reason of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated under
this Agreement (except for the accelerated vesting of Company Stock  
30  Options which will be triggered upon the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement); provided that vesting as
required by applicable laws will occur pursuant to the terms of any Pension
Plan which is terminated as contemplated under Section 6.4 of this
Agreement.   (k) There are no Actions pending, or to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened with respect to any Pension Plan, Welfare Plan or
Benefit Arrangement, other than claims for the payment of benefits in the
ordinary course of operation of such plan or arrangement.   SECTION 3.14
Labor Matters.   (a) To the Company\'s knowledge, the Company is in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws respecting
employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and
wages and laws, and is not engaged in any unfair labor practices;   (b)
There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened, between the Company and any of its respective
employees, consultants or independent contractors, which controversies have
had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
Company;   (c) The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining
agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons employed by the
Company, nor does the Company know of any activities or proceedings of any
labor union to organize any such employees; and   (d) The Company has no
knowledge of any labor disputes, strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages,
lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to any employees of, or
consultants or independent contractors to, the Company.   SECTION 3.15
Properties and Assets, Encumbrances. The Company has good, valid and
marketable title to, a valid leasehold interest in, or valid license rights
to, all the properties and assets which it purports to own, lease or license
(real, personal and mixed, tangible and intangible), including,
without, limitation, all the properties and assets reflected in the Company
Balance Sheet (except for personal property sold since the date of the
Company Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice), except as would not have a material adverse effect on the Company,
and such properties and assets are all of the assets (whether tangible or
intangible) that are used or required for use in the operation of its
business as currently or proposed to be conducted. All properties and assets
reflected in the Company Balance Sheet are free and clear of all Liens,
except for Liens reflected on the Company Balance Sheet and Liens for current
taxes not yet due and other Liens that do not, individually or in the
aggregate, materially detract from the value or impair the use of the
property or assets subject thereto. Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete   31  and accurate list of all leases pursuant to
which the Company leases from others material amounts of real or personal
property. Each such lease is in good standing, valid and effective in
accordance with its terms, and there is not under any such lease, any
existing material default or event of default (or event which with the giving
of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material
default).   SECTION 3.16 Taxes.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement,
"TAX" or "TAXES" shall mean taxes, fees, levies, duties, tariffs, imposts and
governmental impositions or charges of any kind in the nature of (or similar
to) taxes, payable to any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority,
including without limitation (i) income, franchise, profits, gross receipts,
ad valorem, net worth, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal
property, special assessments, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding,
employment, social security, workers\' compensation, unemployment
compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation,
premiums, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes, and (ii) interest,
penalties, additional taxes and additions to tax imposed with respect
thereto; and "TAX RETURNS" shall mean returns, reports and
information statements with respect to Taxes required to be filed with the
IRS or any other taxing authority, domestic or foreign, including without
limitation, consolidated, combined or unitary tax returns.   (b) All Tax
Returns required to be filed by the Company on or before the date hereof have
been properly and timely filed. All Tax Returns required to be filed by the
Company on or before the Closing Date shall have been properly and timely
filed. All Tax Returns filed on or before the date hereof, are, and all Tax
Returns filed after the date hereof will be, correct, true and complete
in all respects. To the extent that any Tax Returns have been audited by
the applicable Tax authorities or other Governmental Entity, all additional
Taxes claimed or assessed or deficiencies proposed resulting from such audits
as to which the Company is or may be liable have been paid or settled, and no
facts have come to the attention of the Company indicating that any such
claim, assessment or deficiency in respect of Taxes as to which the Company
is or may be liable have not been paid or settled. The Company has not
granted any extension of limitation periods applicable to audits or claims by
any Tax authority or other Governmental Entity.   (c) There are no pending
or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened audits, investigations or claims
against the Company for or relating to any liability in respect of Taxes and
no facts or circumstances exist which indicate that any such audits,
investigations or claims in respect of Taxes may be brought or are under
discussion with any Tax authority or other Governmental Entity.   (d) The
Company has not filed a consent or entered into an agreement or made an
election with regard to any of its assets, pursuant to Section 341(f) of the
Code.   32   (e) The Company has not received any notice of deficiency or
assessment from any federal, state or local Tax authority or other
Governmental Entity with respect to liabilities for Taxes of the Company
which has not been fully paid or finally settled.   (f) The Company is not
a party to any Tax sharing, Tax allocation, or similar agreement with any
other person or entity.   (g) All Taxes due and payable by the Company
(whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been paid in full.   (h) The
Company has withheld all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid by it
on its behalf in connection with amounts paid or owing to any Company
Personnel or other person, and such withheld Taxes have either been duly paid
to the proper Governmental Entity or set aside in accounts for
such purpose.   (i) The Company has not made any payments, is not obligated
to make any payments, and is not a party to any agreement that could obligate
it to make any payments that will not be deductible under Code Section 162(m)
or 280G.   (j) The Company has not been a United States real property
holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)(2) during the
applicable period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii), and there is no
cause for Parent to deduct and withhold any amount pursuant to Code Section
1445 or any similar or other provision of Law from any consideration to be
paid or given by Parent pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (k) The Company has not filed with respect to any item a
disclosure statement pursuant to Code Section 6662 or any comparable
disclosure with respect to foreign, federal, state and/or local laws, rules
or regulations.   (l) The Company (i) has not been a member of any
affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return and (ii) has
no liability for the Taxes of any person as defined in Code Section
7701(a)(1) under Treas. Reg. Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of
state, local, or foreign Law), as transferee or successor, by contract or
otherwise.   (m) The Company is a United States person within the meaning of
Code Section 7701(a)(30).   (n) There are no elections in effect made by
the Company pursuant to Code Sections 338 or 336(e) or the regulations
thereunder and the Company is not subject to any constructive elections under
Code Section 338 or the regulations thereunder.   33   (o) No asset of
the Company (i) is subject to a lease under (A) former Section 168(f)(8) of
the Code, or (B) Code Section 7701(h); (ii) secures any debt the interest on
which is tax-exempt under Code Section 103(a); or (iii) is tax-exempt use
property within the meaning of Code Section 168(h).   (p) The Company has
not agreed, and is not required, to make any adjustment pursuant to Code
Section 481(a) by reason of a change in accounting method initiated by the
Company.   (q) The Company has made appropriate provision in the
Financial Statements for any Taxes not paid as of the respective dates of
each of such Financial Statements.   (r) The Company has not taken any
action that would have the effect of deferring any liability for Taxes for
the Company to any taxable period ending after the Closing Date.   (s) None
of the income recognized for federal, state, local, foreign or other Tax
purposes by the Company prior to the Closing Date will (i) be derived other
than in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) arise from transactions of a
type not reflected in the relevant Tax Returns for the last taxable
period ending prior to the Closing Date.   (t) The Company (i) has not
participated in or cooperated with any international boycott within the
meaning of Code Section 999, (ii) has not disposed of any asset which for Tax
purposes has been accounted for under the installment method; (iii) is not a
party to any interest rate swap, currency swap or similar transaction; (iv)
has not issued or assumed any corporate acquisition indebtedness within the
meaning of Code Section 279(b), or any obligation described in Code Section
279(a)(2); (v) will not have sustained, as of the Closing Date, an "overall
foreign loss" within the meaning of Code Section 904(f); and (vi) will not
have, as of the Closing Date, any "non-recaptured net section 1231 losses"
within the meaning of Code Section 1231(c).   SECTION 3.17 Environmental
Matters.   (a) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below). The Company has not
received any communication from a Governmental Entity, citizens group,
employee or other person that alleges that the Company is not in full
compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.   (b) There is no
Environmental Claim (as defined below) pending against the Company or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened against any person whose liability for any
Environmental Claim the Company has or may have retained or assumed either
contractually or by operation of law.   34   (c) To the Company\'s
knowledge, there are no past or present actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events or incidents, including the Release, emission, discharge
or disposal of any Materials of Environmental Concern (as defined below),
that could form the basis of any Environmental Claim against the Company or,
to the Company\'s knowledge, against any person whose liability for any
Environmental Claim the Company has or may have retained or assumed either
contractually or by operation of law.   (d) Section 3.17(d) of the
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and accurate list of any reports,
studies, analyses, tests or monitoring possessed by the Company pertaining to
Materials of Environmental Concern in, on, beneath or adjacent to any
property currently or formerly owned, operated or leased by the Company or
regarding the Company\'s compliance with applicable Environmental Laws. The
Company has not initiated or requested any other reports, studies, analyses,
tests or monitoring in this regard.   (e) "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" means any
claim, action, cause of action, investigation or notice by any person
alleging potential liability arising out of, based on or resulting from (i)
the presence, or release into the environment, of any Material of
Environmental Concern at any location, whether or not owned by the Company,
or (ii) circumstances forming the basis of any violation, or alleged
violation, of any Environmental Law.   (f) "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means all
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to pollution
or protection or preservation of human health or the environment including,
without limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or
subsurface strata and natural resources, and including, without limitation,
all laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or
threatened releases of Materials of Environmental Concern, or otherwise
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, containment (whether above ground or underground), disposal,
transport or handling of Materials of Environmental Concern, or the
preservation of the environment or mitigation of adverse effects thereon and
all laws and regulations with regard to recordkeeping,
notification, disclosure and reporting requirements respecting Materials of
Environmental Concern.   (g) "MATERIALS OF ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERN" means all
pollutants, containments, toxic or hazardous substances, materials and
wastes, petroleum and petroleum products, asbestos and asbestos-containing
materials, polychlorinated bipheryls, radon or lead-based paints and
materials.   (h) "RELEASE" means any release, spill, emission, discharge,
leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, dispersal, leaching or
migration into the indoor or outdoor environment (including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater and surface or subsurface
strata) or into or out of any property, including the movement of Materials
of Environmental Concern through or in the air, soil, surface water,
groundwater or property.   35   SECTION 3.18 Intellectual Property.  
(a) "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" is defined as all intellectual property in which
Company has any right, title, or interest (including a licensed right other
than rights to licensed software that is generally commercially available) or
which has been, is being, or is expected to be used, exploited,
or commercialized by Company in the conduct of its business, including but
not limited to all "Patents" (hereinafter defined), all "Marks"
(hereinafter defined), all "Copyrights" (hereinafter defined), and all
"Confidential Information" (hereinafter defined).   (1) "PATENTS" is
defined to include all concepts, ideas, designs, inventions (whether
patentable or not), techniques, all U.S. and foreign patent applications, and
all U.S. and foreign patents, including but not limited to the items listed
in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedule.   (2) "MARKS" is defined to
include all words, names, logos, symbols, trade names, source indicating
indicia, trade dress, trademarks, marks, U.S. and foreign applications to
register marks, and U.S. and foreign registrations, including but not limited
to the items in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedule.   (3)
"COPYRIGHTS" is defined to include all copyrights, U.S. and foreign, whether
registered or not, all copyright applications, all copyright registrations,
including but not limited to the copyrights in Company\'s business documents
and files, customer documents and files, software, product designs
and packaging, advertising, promotional material, and software products
(whether developed or in development), including but not limited to the items
in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedule.   (4) "CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION" is defined to include, but not limited to, confidential
information, financial information, business trade secrets, marketing
information, financial and technical trade secrets, techniques, processes,
and know-how, including but not limited to the items in Section 3.18(a) of
the Disclosure Schedule.   (b) Section 3.18(b) of the Disclosure Schedule
contains a complete and accurate list and description of (i) Intellectual
Property which is material to the business of Company; (ii) all patent
applications, issued patents, trademark applications, trademark
registrations, copyright applications, and copyright registrations, (iii) all
licenses of Intellectual Property to the Company (other than licensed
software that is generally commercially available) which are material to the
business of Company; and (iv) all licenses and other agreements, written or
not, from Company to any third party granting any rights or interests in the
Intellectual Property.   (c) Except as set forth in Section 3.18(c) of the
Disclosure Schedule:   36   (1) Company is the sole owner, free and clear
of any Lien or encumbrance, and without the payment of any monies or royalty
except with respect to off-the-shelf software, of the Intellectual
Property;   (2) Company has taken, and will continue to take, all
actions which are necessary or advisable to acquire and protect the
Intellectual Property, consistent with prudent commercial practices;   (3)
Company\'s rights in the Intellectual Property are valid and enforceable;  
(4) Company has received no demand, claim, notice or inquiry from any person
in respect of the Intellectual Property which challenges, threatens to
challenge or inquires as to whether there is any basis to challenge, the
validity of, the rights of the Company in, or the right of the Company to
use, any such Intellectual Property, and the Company knows of no basis for
any such challenge;   (5) Company is not in violation or infringement of,
and has not violated or infringed, any proprietary rights of any other
person;   (6) no person has or is infringing, misappropriating, or
making unauthorized use of any Intellectual Property;   (7) except on an
arm\'s-length basis for value and other commercially reasonable terms, the
Company has not licensed, consented or acquiesced to the taking or use of any
Intellectual Property by any person;   (8) all software products sold or
licensed which are material to the business of the Company were either (a)
authored by regular employees of Company within the scope of their employment
and Company was thus the original author pursuant to the work made for hire
doctrine, or (b) authored by independent contractors subject to enforceable
non-disclosure and assignment agreements referenced in Section
3.18(c)(11);   (9) the Company is not subject to any judicial decree,
order, judgment, stipulation, or agreement with a third party restricting in
any manner the ownership, use, sale, or licensing of the Intellectual
Property or any products or service utilizing the Intellectual Property,
except for commercial agreements or licenses listed pursuant to Section
3.18(b);   (10) the execution and consummation of this Agreement will
not adversely impair or impact the value of or Parent\'s future enjoyment
and exploitation of the Intellectual Property;   37   (11) all current or
former Company personnel, including partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents, consultants and contractors, who have contributed to or participated
in the conception, creation, or development of any Intellectual Property are
identified in Section 3.18(c)(11) of the Disclosure Schedule and have
executed effective and proper agreements containing non-disclosure and
assignment provisions for the benefit of Company. True and complete copies of
these agreements have been delivered to Parent. After giving effect to the
transactions contemplated herein, no current or former personnel of Company
will possess any right, title or interest in the Intellectual Property;
and   (12) Company is not in breach or violation of any agreement relating
to any Intellectual Property which would materially impair Company\'s rights,
title, or interest in the Intellectual Property or agreement.   SECTION 3.19
Insurance. Section 3.19 of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, accurate
and complete list of all policies or binders of fire, liability, title,
workers\' compensation and other forms of insurance (showing as to each
policy or binder the carrier, policy number, coverage limits,
expiration dates, annual premiums and a general description of the type of
coverage provided) maintained by the Company on the business, assets or
personnel of the Company. All of such policies are sufficient for compliance
with all requirements of all contracts to which the Company is a party and
all state, federal, local or foreign laws, rules and regulations applicable
to the Company. The Company has paid all premiums due on such insurance
policies and is in compliance with and not in default under any of such
policies or binders. The Company has not failed to give any notice or to
present any claim under any such policy or binder in a due and timely fashion
when the effect of such default or such failure would be to render a material
claim uninsured. The Company has not received any notice from any insurer
advising of reduced coverage or increased premiums on existing policies or
binders. There are no outstanding unpaid claims under any such policies or
binders. Such policies and binders are in full force and effect, and the
Company has delivered true and correct copies of such policies and binders to
Parent.   SECTION 3.20 Accounts Receivable. The accounts receivable of the
Company as reflected in the most recent Financial Statements, to the extent
uncollected on the date hereof and the accounts receivable reflected on the
books of the Company are valid and existing and represent monies due, are
current collectible in accordance with their terms at their recorded amounts,
subject only to the reserve for receivables not collectible in the ordinary
course of business as reflected on the face of the Company Balance Sheet as
adjusted for time through the Closing Date in accordance with past practice
and custom, and (subject to the aforesaid reserves) are subject to no refunds
or other adjustments and to no defenses, rights of setoff, assignments,
restrictions encumbrances or conditions enforceable by third parties on or
affecting any thereof.   SECTION 3.21 Equipment. All of the tangible
personal property of the Company that is material, either individually or in
the aggregate, to the operation of the Company\'s business (the "EQUIPMENT")
is in good working order, operating condition and   38  state of repair,
ordinary wear and tear excepted. Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule
lists each material lease or other contractual obligation (including all
amendments) under which any Equipment is held or used (the "LEASES").  
SECTION 3.22 Restrictions on Business Activities. Except for this Agreement,
there is no agreement executed by the Company or any other
agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company
that has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
impairing any material business practice of the Company, the acquisition of
material property by the Company or the conduct of business by the Company as
currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by the Company.  
SECTION 3.23 Interested Parties Transactions. Except as set forth in Section
3.23 of the Disclosure Schedule, no stockholder, officer or director of the
Company, or any person with whom any such stockholder, officer or
director has any direct or indirect relation by blood, marriage or adoption,
or any entity in which any such person owns any beneficial interest (other
than a publicly-held corporation whose stock is traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market and less than 1% of the
stock of which is beneficially owned by all of such persons), has any
interest in (i) to the Company\'s knowledge, any contract, arrangement or
understanding with, or relating to, the business or operations of the Company
that could reasonably be expected to result in a liability or obligation of
the Company, (ii) any loan, arrangement, understanding, agreement or contract
for or relating to indebtedness with the Company, (iii) any material property
(real, personal or mixed), tangible or intangible, used or currently intended
to be used in the business or operations of the Company, (iv) to the
Company\'s knowledge, any business or entity that competes with the Company,
or (v) to the Company\'s knowledge, any other transaction that would be
required to be reported as a Certain Relationship or Related Transaction,
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, if the Company
filed such reports.   SECTION 3.24 Change in Control Payments. The Company
has no plans, programs or agreements to which they are parties, or to which
they are subject, pursuant to which payments (or acceleration of benefits)
may be required upon, or may become payable directly or indirectly as a
result of, the Merger or any other a change of control of the Company other
than accelerated vesting of Company Stock Options and the Company\'s Safety
Net Plan.   SECTION 3.25 Tax Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its
affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action or failed to take any
action that would prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   SECTION 3.26 No
Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any
director, officer or employee of the Company or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
any agent or third-party representative of the Company is engaged, directly
or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with any other party with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in Section 5.2(b) of this
Agreement.   39   SECTION 3.27 Brokers. Except as set forth in Section
3.27 of the Disclosure Schedule, no broker, finder or investment banker
(collectively, a "BROKER") is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The
Company has heretofore furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of all
agreements between the Company and any Broker pursuant to which such firm
would be entitled to any payment relating to the transactions contemplated
hereunder.   SECTION 3.28 Affiliates, Officers, Directors and Employees.
Section 3.28(a) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and
correct list of all persons who are, as of the date hereof, affiliates of the
Company. Section 3.28(b) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a correct and
complete list of all of the officers and directors of the Company, specifying
their office and annual rate of compensation, and a list of all of the
employees of the Company as of the date hereof with whom the Company has any
employment or deferred compensation contract, whether or not expressed in
writing.   SECTION 3.29 Bank Accounts; Funds. On and after the Closing Date,
all monies and accounts arising out of, relating to or established for the
business or the Company shall be held by, and accessible only to, the
Surviving Corporation. Section 3.29 of the Disclosure Schedule identifies
each bank account or similar account for the deposit of cash or securities
maintained by or on behalf of the Company (indicating the name and address of
the bank or other financial institution, the account name and number and the
individuals with signing authority with respect to such account).   SECTION
3.30 Books and Records. The books of account, minute books (including,
without limitation, all actions of the stockholders of the Company, the board
of directors of the Company and all committees of the board of directors of
the Company) stock record books and other records of the Company are complete
and correct in all material respects and have been maintained in accordance
with sound business practices, including an adequate system of internal
controls, except for such failures with respect thereto as do not have a
material adverse effect on the Company.   SECTION 3.31 Private Sale. To The
Company\'s knowledge, as of the date of this Agreement, there are not more
that 35 holders of Company Stock who are not "accredited investors," as that
term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  
SECTION 3.32 No Payments. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, paid
or delivered any fee, commission or other sum of money or item of
property, however characterized, to any finder, agent, government official,
Governmental Entity or other person or entity, in the United States or any
other country, which is in any manner related to the business or operations
of the Company which the Company knows or has reason to believe to have been
illegal under any federal, state or local law of the United States or the
laws of any other country having jurisdiction; and the Company has not
participated, directly or indirectly,   40  in any boycotts or other
similar practices affecting any of its actual or potential customers or which
violate any applicable law, rule or regulation.   SECTION 3.33 Intellectual
Property Trust. Other than the Intellectual Property licensed to it by the
Company pursuant to the terms of that certain License and Development
Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2000 (the "TRUST LICENSE"), by and between
the Company and Acadia Trust, a trust under the laws of Massachusetts (the
"TRUST"), the Trust does not own or have the right to use, sell, lease,
license, sublicense, or otherwise exploit in any manner any Intellectual
Property. Other than the Trust License and the Acadia Trust Declaration of
Trust, dated August 15, 2000 (the "TRUST AGREEMENT"), the Trust is not a
party to any contract, agreement, obligation or understanding,
whether written or oral, and has no liabilities or assets other than those
created pursuant to the Trust License. The Trustee of the Trust is Broadwood
LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company ("BROADWOOD"), the sole
members of which are Rupen Dolasia, Jacob Frank and Richard Wiley. The
beneficiaries of the Trust, which may be changed at the election of the
Trustee, are Maria C. Gutierrez and Richard Prohaska.   SECTION 3.34 Full
Disclosure. All of the representations and warranties made by the Company in
this Agreement, and all statements set forth in the certificates delivered by
the Company at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are true, correct and
complete in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
such representations, warranties or statements, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, misleading. The copies of all documents furnished
by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement are complete and
accurate copies of the original documents.   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES  OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Parent and Merger Sub represent
and warrant to the Company that:   SECTION 4.1 Organization and
Qualification. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority
necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to own, lease
or operate and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted or
presently proposed to be conducted. Parent is duly qualified or licensed as a
foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each
jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated
by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification or licensing
necessary, except for such failures to be so duly qualified or licensed and
in good standing that would not have a material adverse effect on Parent and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.   41   SECTION 4.2 Capitalization.  
(a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 240,000,000 shares of
Parent Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01
per share ("PARENT PREFERRED STOCK"). As of November 30, 2000, before giving
effect to the two-for-one stock split applicable to shares of Parent Common
Stock held of record as of November 30, 2000, the distribution date of which
is December 15, 2000, 36,853,937 shares of Parent Common Stock
were outstanding. No shares of Parent Preferred Stock are outstanding.  
(b) All of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will be,
when issued in accordance with this Agreement, duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   (c) The authorized capital stock of
Merger Sub consists of 1000 shares of Merger Sub Common Stock, all of which
are issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable.   SECTION 4.3
Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all
necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and each instrument required hereby to be executed and delivered by it at the
Closing and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and each instrument required hereby to be
executed and delivered at the Closing by Parent and Merger Sub and
the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and,
assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company,
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub,
enforceable in accordance with its terms.   SECTION 4.4 No Conflict,
Required Filings and Consents.   (a) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and each instrument required hereby to be executed and delivered at
the Closing by Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this
Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Articles of Organization , as amended, of Parent (the "PARENT CHARTER"), the
Bylaws of Parent (the "PARENT BYLAWS"), the Merger Sub Charter or the Merger
Sub Bylaws or (ii) conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to Parent or Merger Sub by which its or their
respective properties are bound or affected, except in the case of (ii) for
any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences that
would not have a material adverse effect on Parent.   (b) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement or any instrument required hereby to be executed
and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance  
42  of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub will not, require any
consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification
to, any Governmental Entity, except (i) such consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be
required under applicable federal and state securities laws and the laws of
any foreign country; (ii) the filing and recordation of appropriate merger or
other documents as required by the MBCL; (iii) any filing required under the
HSR Act; (iv) any filing or notice required to be given in accordance with
the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, and (iv) such other consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits which, if not obtained or made, would
not have a material adverse effect on Parent.   SECTION 4.5 SEC Filings;
Financial Statements.   (a) Parent has timely filed and made available to
the Company all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
required to be filed by Parent with the SEC since December 31, 1998
(collectively, the "PARENT SEC REPORTS"). The Parent SEC Reports (i) at the
time filed, complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "EXCHANGE ACT"), as the case may be, and (ii) did not at the
time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated in such Parent SEC Reports or necessary in order to make the
statements in such Parent SEC Reports, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. None of Parent\'s subsidiaries are
required to file any forms, reports, schedules, statements or other documents
with the SEC.   (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including, in each case, any related notes), contained in the Parent SEC
Reports, including any Parent SEC Reports filed after the date of this
Agreement until the Closing, complied, as of its respective date, in all
material respects with all applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, was prepared
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved and fairly presented the consolidated financial position of Parent
and its subsidiaries as at the respective dates and the consolidated results
of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the
unaudited interim financial statements were or are subject to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not expected to be
material in amount.   (c) Between July 2, 2000 and the date hereof, except
as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, there has not been any change in the
business or operations of the Parent that has had or reasonably would be
expected to have a material adverse effect on Parent.   (d) The Parent
Information (as herein defined) shall not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such
Parent Information or necessary in order to make the statements in such
Parent Information, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   43   SECTION 4.6 Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder\'s or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent.   SECTION 4.7
Ownership of Merger Sub, No Prior Activities. As of the date hereof and as of
the Effective Time, except for obligations or liabilities incurred in
connection with its incorporation or organization and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and except for this Agreement and any other
agreements or arrangements contemplated hereby or thereby, Merger Sub has not
and will not have incurred, directly or indirectly, any obligations
or liabilities or engaged in any business activities of any type or kind
whatsoever or entered into any agreements or arrangements with any
person.   SECTION 4.8 Tax Matters. Neither Parent nor any of its affiliates
has taken or agreed to take any action or failed to take any action or has
any plan to take any action or fail to take any action that would prevent the
Merger from constituting a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.   ARTICLE V  PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS   SECTION 5.1
Conduct of Business of the Company. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the Closing Date, the Company agrees (except
to the extent expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as consented to in
writing by Parent), to carry on its business in the usual, regular and
ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted, to
pay debts and Taxes when due (subject to good faith disputes over such
debts), to pay or perform other obligations when due, and to use
all reasonable efforts consistent with past practice and policies to preserve
intact its present business organization, keep available the services of its
present officers and key employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others having
business dealings with it to the end that its goodwill and ongoing businesses
shall be unimpaired at the Closing Date. The Company agrees to promptly
notify Parent of any event or occurrence not in the ordinary course of its
business, and of any event which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly contemplated by
this Agreement, the Company shall not do, cause or permit any of the
following, without the prior written consent of Parent:   (a) Charter
Documents. Cause or permit any amendments to the Company Charter or the
Company Bylaws;   (b) Issuance of Securities. Issue, deliver or sell or
authorize or propose the issuance, delivery or sale of, or purchase or
propose the purchase of, any shares of its capital stock or securities
convertible into, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire,
or other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue
any such shares or   44  other convertible securities, except for the
issuance of shares of its capital stock upon the exercise of outstanding
options or warrants that are then exercisable;   (c) Dividends; Changes in
Capital Stock. Declare or pay any dividends on or make any other
distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any of its
capital stock, or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or
issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock, or repurchase
or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of its capital
stock;   (d) Material Contracts. Enter into any material contract or
commitment, or violate, amend or otherwise modify or waive any of the terms
of any of its Material Contracts, other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;   (e) Intellectual Property.
Transfer, assign or license to any person or entity any rights to its
Intellectual Property other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;   (f) Exclusive Rights. Enter into or amend
any agreements pursuant to which any other party is granted exclusive
marketing or other exclusive rights of any type or scope with respect to any
of its products or technology;   (g) Dispositions. Sell, lease, license or
otherwise dispose of or encumber any of its properties or assets which are
material, individually or in the aggregate, to its business, except in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;   (h)
Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or guarantee any
debt securities of others;   (i) Payment of Obligations. Pay, discharge or
satisfy in an amount in excess of $10,000 in any one case or $50,000 in the
aggregate, any claim, liability or obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise) arising other than in the ordinary
course of business, other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of
liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements;  
(j) Capital Expenditures. Make any capital expenditures, capital additions or
capital improvements except in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice;   (k) Insurance. Materially reduce the amount of any
material insurance coverage provided by existing insurance policies;  
45   (l) Termination or Waiver. Terminate or waive any right of
substantial value;   (m) Employee Benefit Plans; New Hires; Pay Increases.
Adopt or amend any employee benefit or stock purchase or option plan, or hire
any new director level or officer level employee, pay any special bonus or
special remuneration to any employee or director, or increase the salaries or
wage rates of its employees;   (n) Severance Arrangement. Grant any
severance or termination pay (i) to any director or officer or (ii) to any
other employee except payments made pursuant to standard written agreements
outstanding on the date hereof;   (o) Lawsuits. Commence a lawsuit other
than (i) for the routine collection of bills, (ii) in such cases where it in
good faith determines that failure to commence suit would result in the
material impairment of a valuable aspect of its business, provided that it
consults with Parent prior to the filing of such a suit, or (iii) for a
breach of this Agreement;   (p) Acquisitions. Acquire or agree to acquire by
merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the
assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
partnership, association or other business organization or division
thereof;   (q) Taxes. Other than in the ordinary course of business, make or
change any material election in respect of Taxes, adopt or change any
accounting method in respect of Taxes, file any material Tax Return or any
amendment to a material Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement, settle
any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or consent to any extension or
waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in
respect of Taxes;   (r) Notices. Fail to give any notices or other
information required to be given to the employees of the Company, any
collective bargaining unit representing any group of employees of the
Company, and any applicable government authority under the National Labor
Relations Act, the Code, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act,
and other applicable law in connection with the transactions provided for in
this Agreement;   (s) Revaluation. Revalue any of its assets, including
without limitation writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes
or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;   (t)
Trade Associations. Join, apply to join or cause any subsidiary or other
affiliate to join or apply to join any trade association, consortium
or similar organization (including, without limitation, the Infiniband
Trade Association); or   46   (u) Other. Take, or agree in writing or
otherwise to take, any action which would make any of its representations or
warranties contained in this Agreement untrue or incorrect in any material
respect or prevent it from performing or cause it not to perform its
covenants hereunder in any material respect.   SECTION 5.2 No
Solicitation.   (a) Prior to termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Article IX hereof, the Company and its subsidiaries, if any, shall not, nor
shall the Company authorize or permit any officers, directors or employees
of, or any investment bankers, attorneys or other agents or representatives
retained by or acting on behalf of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or authorize any Company Stockholder or third party to: (i) initiate, solicit
or encourage, directly or indirectly, any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes an Acquisition Proposal (as hereinafter defined),
(ii) engage or participate in negotiations or discussions with, or furnish
any information or data to, or take any other action to, facilitate any
inquiries or making any proposal by, any third party relating to an
Acquisition Proposal, (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal or approve an Acquisition Proposal, (iv) negotiate or
enter discussions with, or furnish any information to, any third party (a
"POTENTIAL ACQUIROR") with respect to any unsolicited Acquisition Proposal,
or (v) make or authorize any statement, recommendation or solicitation in
support of any possible Acquisition Proposal. In the event that the Company
shall receive any Acquisition Proposal, it shall promptly (and in no event
later than 48 hours after receipt thereof) furnish to Parent the identity of
the recipient of the Acquisition Proposal and of the Potential Acquiror, the
terms of such Acquisition Proposal, and copies of such Acquisition Proposal
and all information provided by the Potential Acquiror. The Company
understands and agrees that any violation of the restrictions set forth in
this Section 5.2 by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or by
any director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
financial advisor, attorney or other advisor or representative of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, whether or not such person is purporting to act
on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise, or any
violation of these restrictions by any Company Stockholder or other third
party authorized by the Company to do so, shall be deemed to be a breach of
this Section 5.2 sufficient to enable Parent to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 9.1(c) hereof.   (b) For the purposes of this Agreement,
"ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall mean any proposal, whether in writing or
otherwise, made by any person other than Parent or Merger Sub to acquire
"beneficial ownership" (as defined under Rule 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of any material part of the assets (other
than in the ordinary course of the Company\'s business) or outstanding
capital stock (or securities convertible into shares of capital stock) of any
of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to a merger, consolidation,
exchange of shares or other business combination, sale of shares of capital
stock (or securities convertible into capital stock), sales of assets, tender
offer or exchange offer or similar transaction involving the Company or its
subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any sale or transfer of the
Intellectual Property.   47   SECTION 5.3 Access to Records. The Company
will give Parent and its representatives, from the date hereof until the
Closing Date, full access during normal business hours upon reasonable
notice, to all of the properties, books, contracts, and Intellectual Property
of the Company, and will make available to Parent and its representatives,
experts and advisers all additional financial statements of and all
information with respect to the business of the Company that Parent may
reasonably request. Parent and its representatives shall have the right to
copy any information or documentation the Parent is entitled to inspect under
this Section 5.3; provided, however, that with respect to software (source
code) and design files that are part of the Intellectual Property,
the Company may require that such property be reviewed only at the
Company\'s facilities without copies being made. No investigation or review
of records in accordance with this Section 5.3 shall affect any
representations or warranties of the Company or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties pursuant to this Agreement.   SECTION 5.4
Cooperation in Preparation of Financial Statements and Public Filings. Before
Closing, Company agrees to cooperate with Parent and Parent\'s independent
auditors in connection with the preparation and review of such financial
statements and related documentation reasonably required by Parent in order
to facilitate the prompt preparation and filing of combined financial results
of Parent and the Company as well as any historical financial information of
Company required to be filed by parent pursuant to SEC rules and regulations.
Company\'s cooperation shall include, without limitation, the execution of
standard representation letters requested by Parent\'s auditors for periods
that the Subsidiaries have been in operation. In addition, the Company shall
cooperate with Parent in connection with the preparation and filing of, and
provide all necessary information to Parent for inclusion in, any
reports, filings, schedules or other documents filed by Parent with the
SEC.   SECTION 5.5 Stockholder Approval. The Company shall, in accordance
with the MBCL, the Company Charter, and the Company Bylaws duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold an annual or special meeting of its stockholders
as soon as practicable after the date hereof (and in any event on or before
January 31, 2000 or such later date as Parent may consent to in writing), in
either case for the purpose of considering and taking action upon the
approval of this Agreement and the Merger, and the appointment of the
Stockholder Representative ("STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL"). The Company will include
in any proxy or other materials sent to Company Stockholders in connection
with obtaining such Stockholder Approval (the "SOLICITING MATERIALS"), the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that the Company
stockholders vote in favor of the approval of this Agreement and the Merger
and, subject to Parent\'s delivery of the Parent Information in accordance
with Section 5.6 below, shall use its best efforts to solicit from all
Company Stockholders proxies or written consents, as the case may be, in
favor of such approval and will take all other actions reasonably necessary,
or in the reasonable judgment of Parent advisable, to secure the Stockholder
Approval.   48   SECTION 5.6 Private Sale. At the time of effectiveness of
the Company Stockholder Approval, and at the Effective Time, there will not
be more than 35 holders of Company Stock who are not "accredited investors,"
as that term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act,
and Parent shall have received Stockholder Representation Letters to such
effect. Each holder of Company Stock who is not an "accredited investor" (i)
shall have appointed a "purchaser representative" (as defined in Rule 501(h)
of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) to represent him or her
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement prior to
such holder\'s execution of the Stockholder Consent, and (ii) shall provide
Parent evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent of his or her appointment
of a qualified purchaser representative; provided, however, that no such
appointment of a purchaser representative shall be required if Parent is
reasonably satisfied that such holder satisfies the requirements of Rule
506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D without such appointment. As promptly as
possible after the date of this Agreement, Parent shall provide to the
Company, for delivery to each holder of Company Stock who is not an
"accredited investor," all information about Parent and the Merger that is
required pursuant to Rule 502(b)(2) to be disclosed by an issuer of
securities (the "PARENT INFORMATION"), which such information shall
become part of the Soliciting Materials used to solicit the Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall provide Parent with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on the Soliciting Materials prior to distribution thereof
to the Company Stockholders, and the Parent shall provide the Company with a
reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Parent Information prior
to distribution thereof to the Company Stockholders.    ARTICLE VI 
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS; COVENANTS   SECTION 6.1 Confidentiality. Parent and
the Company acknowledge and agree that the terms of that certain Mutual
Nondisclosure Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2000, by and between Parent
and the Company shall govern with respect to "Confidential Information" (as
defined in such Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement) provided to either party by
the other in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   SECTION 6.2 Listing of Parent Common Stock. Parent shall use
its reasonable best efforts to have authorized for listing on the Nasdaq
National Market, upon official notice of issuance, the shares of Parent
Common Stock to be issued in the Merger as well as any shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Substitute Options.   SECTION 6.3
Tax-Free Reorganization. Parent and the Company intend that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Parent and the Company shall each use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the Merger to so qualify. Neither Parent nor the Company shall (nor shall the
Company permit any Company Stockholder to) knowingly take any action, or
knowingly fail to take any action that would be   49  reasonably likely to
jeopardize the qualification of the Merger as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   SECTION 6.4 Employee Benefits.
Parent agrees that, as soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation and successors shall provide to each employee
of the Company as of the Effective Time (the "RETAINED EMPLOYEES") employee
plans and programs that provide benefits that are comparable to those
provided to similarly situated employees of Parent generally during such
time. Until such time as the Retained Employees are provided with employee
plans and programs in accordance with the preceding sentence, Parent shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to provide the Retained Employees with the
employee plans and programs provided to such employees on the date hereof.
With respect to such benefits, service accrued by such Retained Employees
during employment with the Company prior to the Effective Time shall be
recognized for purposes of vesting and eligibility, except to the
extent necessary to prevent duplication of benefits.   SECTION 6.5 Expenses
and Taxes. Subject to the provisions of Section 9.3 hereof, the parties to
this Agreement shall each pay their respective costs incurred in connection
with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including,
without limitation, the fees of their respective attorneys, accountants and
advisors; provided, however, that in the event of a Closing, Parent shall pay
any reasonable expenses of the Company that remain unpaid as of the Closing
Date.   SECTION 6.6 Public Announcements; Except as otherwise required by
law or the rules of the Nasdaq National Market, so long as this Agreement is
in effect, Parent and the Company will not, and will not permit any of their
respective affiliates or representatives to, issue or cause the publication
of any press release or make any other public announcement with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the consent of the
other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
Subject to the foregoing, Parent and the Company will cooperate with each
other in the development and distribution of all press releases and other
public announcements with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, and will furnish the other with drafts of any such
releases and announcements as far in advance as reasonably possible.  
SECTION 6.7 Company Stock Options. Each Company Stock Option that
is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then
vested or exercisable, shall, effective as of the Effective Time, become and
represent an option to acquire the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (a
"SUBSTITUTE OPTION") determined by multiplying (i) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior
to the Effective Time by (ii) the Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest
whole share), at an exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock
(increased to the nearest whole cent) equal to the exercise price per share
of such Company Stock Option divided by the Exchange Ratio. After the
Effective Time, except as provided above in this Section 6.7, and except for
the restrictions on sale, transfer and assignment as are set forth in  
50  the Lock-Up Agreement, each Substitute Option shall be exercisable upon
the same material terms and conditions as were applicable to the related
Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided,
however, that the vesting schedules for all Substitute Options shall reflect
the acceleration provided upon a "Capital Event" as defined in Section 10 of
each Company Stock Option. For the purposes of this Agreement, the Substitute
Options received pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be considered Merger
Consideration.   SECTION 6.8 Consents and Filings. Each party to this
Agreement will take all reasonable actions to obtain any other consent,
authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption by, any person or
entity required to be obtained or made in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each party will cooperate
with and promptly furnish information to the other party in connection with
obtaining such consents or making any such filings and will promptly furnish
to the other party a copy of all filings made with a Governmental Entity
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 6.9
Notification of Certain Matters.   (a) The Company shall give prompt notice
to Parent of (i) any material inaccuracy in any representation or warranty
made by it herein, or (ii) any material failure of the Company to comply with
or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by the Company under this Agreement; provided, however, that no
such notification shall be deemed to modify the representations or warranties
or covenants or agreements of the Company or the conditions to the
obligations of Parent hereunder.   (b) Parent shall give prompt notice to
the Company of (i) any material inaccuracy in any representation or warranty
made by it herein, or (ii) any material failure of Parent to comply with or
satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied
by it under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such notification
shall be deemed to modify the representations or warranties or covenants or
agreements of Parent or the conditions to the obligations of the Company
hereunder.   (c) The Company shall promptly advise Parent orally and in
writing of any change or event having, or which, insofar as can reasonably be
foreseen, in the future would have, a material adverse effect on the
Company.   SECTION 6.10 Hart-Scott-Rodino Compliance. Promptly after
execution of this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall cooperate to
prepare and file such notifications as are required pursuant to the HSR Act.
Each person or entity required to file a notice pursuant to the HSR Act shall
bear the cost of preparation and filing of such notice. Each party hereto
shall promptly notify the other party of any material communication from the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission or any other Governmental Entity regarding any
of the transactions contemplated hereby.   51   SECTION 6.11 Additional
Agreements. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of
the parties agrees to use all reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and
make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If at any
time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation
with full title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and
franchises of either of the Merger Sub or the Company, the proper officers
and directors of each such corporation shall take all such necessary
or desirable action.   SECTION 6.12 Securities Filings. Within fifteen (15)
days after the Closing, the Parent shall file with the SEC a copy of a duly
executed Form D with respect to the issuance of the Merger Consideration to
the Company Stockholders, and the Parent shall file in any states where
Company Stockholders reside such documents as Parent determines may be
necessary to comply with state securities laws with respect to the issuance
of the Merger Consideration to the Company Stockholders.   SECTION 6.13
Covenants Regarding IP Trust. The Company agrees it shall take the following
actions with respect to the IP Trust and the Trust License:   (a) The
Company shall terminate and use its best efforts to cause the Trust to
terminate the Trust License effective at or immediately following
the Effective Time in accordance with the terms of the Trust License and take
such other steps consistent therewith as Parent shall reasonably require;
and   (b) The Company shall use its best efforts to secure written
agreements of the Trust, Broadwood, each of the members of Broadwood and the
beneficiaries of the Trust to execute the agreements or other written
documents necessary to satisfy the condition to closing set forth in Section
8.1(p) of this Agreement.   SECTION 6.14 Covenant Regarding Trade
Associations. Simultaneously with or immediately following the execution of
this Agreement, Company shall notify the Infiniband Trade Association in
writing of its desire to suspend its application for membership in such
association and, if such suspension is not accepted or permitted under the
rules of such association, to withdraw its application for membership unless
and until this Agreement is terminated without the Closing having
occurred.    ARTICLE VII  CONDITIONS TO CLOSING   SECTION 7.1 Conditions
to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The respective obligations under
this Agreement of Parent and Merger Sub shall be subject to the  
52  satisfaction on or prior to the Closing of each of the following
conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, by Parent and Merger
Sub:   (a) Litigation. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in effect,
nor shall any proceeding by an administrative agency or commission or other
governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, seeking any
of the foregoing be pending or threatened; nor shall there be any action
taken, or any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted, entered, enforced
or deemed applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
which makes the consummation of such transactions illegal.   (b) Third
Party Consents. Parent shall have been furnished with evidence satisfactory
to it that the Company has obtained those consents, waivers, approvals or
authorizations of those Governmental Entities and third parties, if any,
whose consent or approval are required in connection with this Agreement.  
(c) Expiration of HSR Waiting Period. Any waiting periods required by HSR
shall have been complied with or terminated early by the
applicable Governmental Entities.   (d) Representations and Warranties.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement
that is expressly qualified by a reference to materiality shall be true in
all respects as so qualified, and each of the representations and warranties
of Parent in this Agreement that is not so qualified shall be true and
correct in all material respects, on and as of the Closing as though such
representation or warranty had been made on and as of the Closing (except
that those representations and warranties, other than those contained in
Section 3.3(a), which address matters only as of a particular date shall
remain true and correct as of such date).   (e) No Material Adverse Changes.
There shall not have occurred any material adverse change in the Company
subsequent to the date of this Agreement.   (f) Approval of Merger. The
Merger shall have been duly approved by the Board of Directors and
stockholders of the Company.   (g) Documents and Agreements. All documents
and agreements required to be delivered or caused to be delivered by the
Company pursuant to Section 8.1 of this Agreement shall have been executed as
required and delivered to Parent.   53   (h) Covenants. The Company shall
have performed and complied in all material respects with all other
covenants, obligations and conditions of this Agreement required to be
performed and complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing.  
(i) Dissenting Shares. Less than 15% of the shares of Company Common Stock
(considered on an as-converted basis as if all shares of Company
Preferred Stock had converted into Company Common Stock) issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Merger shall be Dissenting Shares.  
SECTION 7.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligations under
this Agreement of the Company shall be subject to the satisfaction on
or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions, any of which may
be waived, in writing, by the Company:   (a) Litigation. No temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint
or prohibition preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be in effect, nor shall any proceeding by an administrative
agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign, seeking any of the foregoing be pending or threatened;
nor shall there be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation or
order enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, which makes the consummation of such
transactions illegal.   (b) Expiration of HSR Waiting Period. Any waiting
periods required by HSR shall have been complied with or terminated early by
the applicable Governmental Entities.   (c) Representations and Warranties.
Each of the representations and warranties of the Parent and/or Merger Sub in
this Agreement that is expressly qualified by a reference to materiality
shall be true in all respects as so qualified, and each of the
representations and warranties of Parent and/or Merger Sub in this Agreement
that is not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects,
on and as of the Closing as though such representation or warranty had been
made on and as of the Closing (except that those representations and
warranties which address matters only as of a particular date shall remain
true and correct as of such date).   (d) Documents and Agreements. All
documents and agreements required to be delivered or caused to be delivered
by Parent and/or Merger Sub pursuant to Section 8.2 of this Agreement shall
have been executed as required and delivered.   (e) Covenants. Parent and
Merger Sub shall have performed and complied in all material respects with
all other covenants, obligations and conditions of this Agreement  
54  required to be performed and complied with by Parent and/or Merger Sub
at or prior to the Closing.   (f) No Material Adverse Changes. There shall
not have occurred any material adverse change in the Parent subsequent to the
date of this Agreement.   (g) Minimum Merger Consideration. The Average
Closing Price of the Parent Common Stock payable as the Merger Consideration
shall be at least $100.00 per share (subject to adjustments for stock splits,
stock dividends and the like after the date hereof); provided, however, that
Parent at its option may increase the total consideration payable to all of
the Company Stockholders, either in cash or in additional shares of Parent
Common Stock valued at the Average Closing Price (in either case, the
"ADDITIONAL MERGER CONSIDERATION"), such that the dollar value of the Merger
Consideration and the Additional Merger Consideration paid to the Company
Stockholders at Closing, as determined based on the Average Closing Price, is
at least $400,000,000; provided further, that Parent may use cash to pay the
Additional Merger Consideration only to the extent that such cash payments
would not prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The Board of Directors of the Company
may, in its discretion, waive the applicability of this Section 7.2(g), in
writing, at or immediately prior to the Closing.   ARTICLE VIII  DELIVERIES
AT CLOSING   SECTION 8.1 Deliveries by the Company. At the Closing (unless
otherwise indicated), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
Parent, and (except as noted) the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub
hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective
Time of, all of the following:   (a) Company Charter. A copy of the Company
Charter, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.   (b) Good Standing Certificate. A
certificate of good standing of the Company, issued as of a recent date by
the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and each other
jurisdiction where the Company is qualified to transact business as a foreign
corporation.   (c) Stock Powers for Parent Common Stock. Stock powers
executed in blank from each Company Stockholder for the shares of Parent
Common Stock to be delivered to the Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 2.1(h)
on behalf of such Company Stockholder.   (d) Secretary\'s Certificate. A
certificate of the clerk of the Company or an assistant clerk of the Company,
dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Parent as to (A) no amendments to the Company Charter or Bylaws, (B) the
corporate actions (including copies of relevant votes) taken by the Company
and its board of   55  directors and stockholders to authorize the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (C) the incumbency and signatures of
the officers of the Company executing this Agreement and the other
agreements, instruments and other documents executed by or on behalf of the
Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (e) Articles of Merger. The Articles of
Merger duly executed by the Company.   (f) Stock Certificates. Certificates
representing all outstanding shares of Company Stock, together with such
letters of transmittal, stock powers and other documents as are necessary to
effect the cancellation or exchange thereof shall be delivered as soon after
the Closing as reasonably practicable.   (g) Purchaser Representative
Letter. A Purchaser Representative Letter, in a customary form reasonably
acceptable to Parent, executed by each Company Stockholder listed on Section
3.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule who is not an "accredited investor"
containing investment representations by the Company Stockholder and
appointing a qualified purchaser representative in connection with
consideration of any Company Stockholder vote in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such Purchaser
Representative Letters shall be in full force and effect.   (h) Opinion of
Counsel. An opinion of Hill and Barlow, counsel to the Company, in a customary
form reasonably acceptable to Parent.   (i) Escrow Agreement. A copy of the
Escrow Agreement having substantially the same terms as the form attached as
form Exhibit B with such changes thereto as the Escrow Agent shall reasonably
require (the "ESCROW AGREEMENT") executed by the Escrow Agent, the Company
and the Stockholder Representative.   (j) Employment Agreements. To the
extent not executed prior to execution of this Agreement, an employment
agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent executed by each of the
persons listed in Schedule 8.1(j) to this Agreement.   (k) Lock-up
Agreement. Lock-Up Agreement executed by each of the Company Stockholders and
each proposed recipient of Substitute Options.   (l) Officers\' Certificate.
A certificate of an officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, in
a customary form reasonably acceptable to Parent.   (m) Withholding
Documents. To the extent required by applicable law, prior to the Closing
Date, the Company shall deliver to Parent Form W-9 or such other documents
(in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent) meeting the
requirements necessary to establish that the Company Stockholders are
eligible for exemption from withholding under the Code.   56   (n) Books
and Records. The Company\'s minute books and stock record books referred to
in Section 3.30 above and, to the extent requested, all other documents,
books, records, agreements and financial data in the possession of the
Company shall have been delivered to Parent as soon after the Closing
as reasonably practicable.   (o) Updated Schedule 2.1(d). The Updated
Schedule 2.1(d) certified by the Company\'s Chief Financial Officer as being
complete and accurate in all material respects.   (p) IP Trust Documents.
Written evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Parent, of (i) the termination
of the Trust License by the Trust and the Company, (ii) the agreement by the
Trustee to name Parent or its designees as sole beneficiaries of the Trust,
and (iii) the agreement by each of the members of Broadwood to sell, transfer
and assign to Parent or its designees all of their respective membership
interests in Broadwood for nominal consideration.   (q) Stockholder
Representation Letter. An investment representation letter, in a customary
form reasonably acceptable to Parent, executed by each Company Stockholder
who is an "accredited investor."   (q) Additional Documents. Such other
instruments and documents as Parent may reasonably request from the Company
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 8.2
Deliveries by Parent. At the Closing, Parent shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to the Company, and the obligations of the Company hereunder shall
be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of, all of
the following:   (a) Articles of Merger. The Articles of Merger, duly
executed by Merger Sub;   (b) Escrow Agreement. A copy of the Escrow
Agreement executed by Parent;   (c) Secretary\'s Certificate. A certificate
of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of Parent and the Secretary of Merger
Sub, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Company as to (A) the corporate actions taken by Parent and Merger Sub
and their respective boards of directors to authorize the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (B) the incumbency and signatures of the officers of
Parent and Merger Sub executing this Agreement and the other agreements,
instruments and other documents executed by or on behalf of Parent and Merger
Sub pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby.   (d) Officers\' Certificate. A
certificate of an officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, in a
customary form reasonably acceptable to the Company.   57   (e) Opinion
of Parent Counsel. An opinion of Jeffer, Mangels, Butler and Marmaro, LLP,
counsel to Parent, in a customary form reasonably acceptable to Company.  
(f) Additional Documents. Such other instruments and documents as the Company
may reasonably request from Parent in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby.   ARTICLE IX  TERMINATION   SECTION
9.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether prior to or after approval of this Agreement by the
stockholders of the Company, as follows:   (a) By mutual written consent of
the Parties; or   (b) By written notice from either Parent or the Company,
if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or
taken any other action, in each case permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
nonappealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose
failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement results in
such restraint or prohibition to continue in effect; or   (c) By written
notice from Parent, provided Parent is not in material breach of its
representations and warranties or covenants hereunder, if the Company fails
to perform or breaches any of its material obligations or duties under this
Agreement and the Company has not cured such failure to perform or breach
within 15 days after delivery of written notice from Parent or upon
a material breach of any representation and warranty of the Company
contained herein, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.1(d) and/or (h) would not be satisfied;   (d) By written notice
from the Company, provided the Company is not in material breach of its
representations and warranties or covenants hereunder, if Parent fails to
perform or breaches any of its material obligations or duties under this
Agreement, and Parent has not cured such failure to perform or breach within
15 days after delivery of written notice from the Company to Parent informing
Parent of the details of the alleged breach, or upon a material breach of any
representation and warranty of Parent contained herein, in either case such
that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2(c) and/or (e), as the case may
be, would not be satisfied;   58   (e) By either Party in the event the
Merger shall not have been completed prior to April 30, 2001; provided,
however, that no party shall have the right to terminate in accordance with
this clause (e) to the extent that the failure to close results from the
inaction, delay of such party, or the breach by such party of any
representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement;   (f)
[Intentionally omitted];   (g) By written notice from the Company or Parent,
provided the terminating party is not in material breach of its
representations and warranties or covenants hereunder, if the stockholders of
the Company fail to approve this Agreement and the Merger either (i) at any
meeting of stockholders held for the purposes thereof, or (ii) if no such
stockholders meeting is called or held on or prior to February 28, 2001;
provided, however, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 9.1(e) if (A) any of the Company Stockholders that execute
Voting Agreements breach such stockholder\'s obligations regarding the vote
with respect to the Merger and this Agreement, (B) at the time of the
stockholder vote, Parent had the right to terminate pursuant to Section
9.1(c) or (h), or (C) the stockholders meeting is not held prior to February
29, 2001, due to the delay or inaction of the Company; or   (h) By written
notice from Parent, if the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee
thereof shall have withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to Parent its
approval or recommendation of the Merger or this Agreement, or approved or
recommended any other Acquisition Proposal.   SECTION 9.2 Effect of
Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in
Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no
liability or obligations on the part of any party hereto, except for the
agreements set forth in Sections 6.1, 6.5, 6.6, Article IX and Article XI,
and except for liability for any breach of any obligation, covenant or
agreement contained herein, or any fraud or failure of the representations
and warranties contained herein to have been true.   SECTION 9.3 Automatic
Conversion of the Advance. Subject to compliance with this Section 9.3, in
the event that this Agreement is terminated by Parent in accordance with
Sections 9.1(c), (e), (f) or (g) above, the Advance shall be converted, at
the Parent\'s option, into newly-issued shares of the Company\'s Series E
Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of $8.53 per share (subject
to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations
and the like, and calculated using a pre-money, fully-diluted valuation for
the Company of $175 million), having the terms summarized on Exhibit A
("Summary of Terms for Series E Convertible Preferred Stock") attached to
that certain letter of intent between the Company and Parent dated November
10, 2000, which such Exhibit A is incorporated herein by reference. It shall
be a condition precedent to any such conversion that the Company shall have
received all requisite stockholder consents and approvals to the designation
and issuance   59  of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, which such
consents and approvals shall be set forth in the Voting Agreement to be
signed by Company Stockholders; provided, however, that in the event such
consent is not obtained, Parent shall have the right to convert the Advance
into shares of Company Common Stock at $8.53 per share. The Certificate of
Designation for the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock shall be in a form
reasonably acceptable to both the Company and the Parent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Parent and the Company acknowledge that, subject to the conversion
right of Parent pursuant to this Section 9.3, the Advance shall continue to
be governed by the Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 14, 2000,
evidencing the Advance.   ARTICLE X  INDEMNIFICATION   SECTION 10.1
Survival of Representations and Warranties. Subject to the provisions of
Section 10.3 below, all representations and warranties of the Company and
Parent contained herein or in any document, certificate or other instrument
required to be delivered hereunder in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall survive the Closing for the period ending on the
date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (the "SURVIVAL DATE").
No claim for indemnification for breach of a representation or warranty may
be commenced after the period of survival of such representation or warranty,
provided, however, that claims made within the applicable time period shall
survive to the extent of such claim until such claim is finally
determined and, if applicable, paid.   SECTION 10.2 Certification of
Claims. If Parent is of the opinion that any Buyer Claim (as defined below)
has occurred or will or may occur, Parent shall so notify the Stockholder
Representative, and each such notice shall be in writing and shall describe
with reasonable specificity the nature and amount of such asserted Buyer
Claim. If the Stockholder Representative is of the opinion that any Seller
Claim (as defined below) has occurred or will or may occur, the Stockholder
Representative shall so notify Parent, and each such notice shall be in
writing and shall describe with reasonable specificity the nature and
amount of such asserted Seller Claim.   SECTION 10.3 Termination of Rights
Hereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no Buyer Claim or
Seller Claim may be made or lawsuit instituted under the provisions of this
Article X or in any way arising in connection with this Agreement or any
representation or warranty hereunder, except for Reserved Claims (as defined
below) after the Survival Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect
to all claims based upon common law fraud, intentional misrepresentation, or
misrepresentations by the Company as to its capitalization (including,
without limitation, any claims described in Section 10.4(iii) below or any
breach of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.3.
hereof), claims may be made or suits may be instituted at any time. "RESERVED
CLAIMS" shall mean any Buyer Claims or Seller Claims which have been
asserted, in accordance with this Article X, within the applicable periods
set forth above.   60   SECTION 10.4 Indemnification of Parent and Merger
Sub. By their approval of this Agreement and the Merger and by their
acceptance of the Merger Consideration, each Company Stockholder (except for
holders of the Dissenting Shares, if any) on the Closing Date agrees, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to severally and not jointly
based upon such Company Stockholder\'s pro rata share of the Merger
Consideration payable in respect of all outstanding shares of Company Stock,
indemnify and hold harmless each of Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving
Corporation, each of their respective subsidiaries and affiliates and each of
their and their subsidiaries\' and affiliates\' respective directors,
officers, agents and employees (each an indemnified party) at all times from
and after the Closing from and against all Damages (as defined below) that
results from (i) the breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty
of the Company or such Company Stockholder set forth in the Agreement or in
any certificate or other document delivered in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to which a claim for
indemnification is brought by an indemnified party within the applicable
survival period described in Section 10.1, or (ii) any breach
or nonfulfillment by the Company or such Company Stockholder, or any
noncompliance by the Company or such Company Stockholder with, any covenant,
agreement, or obligation contained herein or in any certificate or other
document delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement except to the extent waived in writing by Parent, or (iii) any
claim by a holder or former holder of the Company\'s capital stock or
options, warrants or other securities convertible into or exercisable for
shares of the Company\'s capital stock (the "CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES") or any
other person, seeking to assert, or based upon: (A) ownership or rights of
ownership to any shares of capital stock of the Company; (B) any rights of a
stockholder of the Company (other than the right to receive the Merger
Consideration pursuant to this Agreement or appraisal rights under the
applicable provisions of the MBCL), including any option, preemptive rights,
or rights to notice or to vote; (C) any rights under the charter or bylaws of
the Company; or (D) any claim that his, her or its shares or Convertible
Securities were wrongfully repurchased, canceled, terminated or otherwise
limited by the Company, regardless of whether an action, suit or proceeding
can or has been made against the Company, and any and all actions, suits and
Proceedings resulting from any of the foregoing (hereinafter called a "BUYER
CLAIM" or "BUYER CLAIMS").   SECTION 10.5 Indemnification of Company
Stockholders. Parent agrees, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, to indemnify, defend, protect, and hold harmless each Company
Stockholder (each an indemnified party) at all times from and after the
Closing from and against all Damages (i) that result from the breach or
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of Parent set forth in the
Agreement or in any certificate or other document delivered in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to which a
claim for indemnification is brought by an indemnified party within
the applicable survival period described in Section 10.1, or (ii) any breach
or nonfulfillment by Parent, or any noncompliance by Parent with, any
covenant, agreement, or obligation contained herein or in any certificate or
other document delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement except to the extent waived in writing by the  
61  Stockholder Representative, and any and all actions, suits and
proceedings resulting from any of the foregoing (hereinafter called a "SELLER
CLAIM" or "SELLER CLAIMS").   SECTION 10.6 Matters Involving Third
Parties.   (a) In the event any claim is made, suit is brought or tax audit
or other proceeding is instituted against Parent or the Company, or any of
their respective directors, officers or affiliates which involves or
appears reasonably likely to involve a Buyer Claim for which indemnification
may be sought against the Company Stockholders hereunder, Parent will,
promptly (and in any event within five (5) business days) after receipt of
notice of any such claim, suit or proceeding, notify the Stockholder
Representative of the commencement thereof. The failure to so notify the
Stockholder Representative of the commencement of any such claim, suit or
proceeding will relieve the Company Stockholders from liability only to the
extent that such failure has a material adverse effect on the ability of the
Stockholder Representative to defend their interests in such claim, action or
proceeding. Parent\'s notice to the Stockholder Representative of the
commencement of a claim, suit or proceeding shall be followed by a statement
of Parent\'s position, together with the reasons therefor, with respect to
the condition set forth in clause (iv) of this Section 10.6(a) within 15 days
of the delivery of the such initial notice to the Stockholder Representative
regarding such claim, suit or proceeding. The Stockholder Representative (at
the expense of the Company Stockholders) shall have the right and shall be
given the opportunity to assume and control the defense of such claim, suit
or proceeding with counsel of their choice reasonably satisfactory to Parent
so long as (i) the Stockholder Representative notifies the indemnified party
in writing within 30 days after the indemnified party has given notice of
such claim that the Company Stockholders will indemnify the indemnified party
from and against the entirety of any damages the indemnified party may suffer
resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by
such claim, (ii) the Stockholder Representative provides the indemnified
party with evidence reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party that the
Company Stockholders will have the financial resources to defend against such
claim and fulfill their indemnification obligations hereunder, (iii) such
claim involves only money damages and does not seek an injunction or other
equitable relief, (iv) settlement of, or an adverse judgment with respect to,
such claim is not, in the reasonable judgment of Parent, likely to
establish a precedential custom or practice materially adverse to the
continuing business interests of the indemnified party and the indemnified
party conducts the defense of such claim actively and diligently, and (v) the
Stockholder Representative conducts the defense of such claim actively and
diligently; provided, however, that Parent and its counsel (at Parent\'s
expense) may participate in (but not control the conduct of) all matters
pertaining to the defense or settlement of such claim, suit or proceeding.
Whether or not the Stockholder Representative elects to assume such defense,
Parent shall not, except at its own cost, make any settlement with respect to
any such claim, suit or proceeding without the prior written consent of the
Stockholder Representative. If Parent elects to assume the defense of a
claim, the Stockholder Representative and its counsel (at the Company
Stockholders\' expense) may participate in (but not control the conduct of)
all matters pertaining to the defense or settlement of such claim, suit or
proceeding. Parent\'s   62  consent to the settlement of any such claim,
suit or proceeding by the Stockholder Representative shall be required and
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, but such consent shall not be
required if (or to the extent that) such settlement only requires the payment
of a monetary amount and includes a full release of claims against Parent and
does not include a statement as to or admission of fault, culpability or
failure to act by or on behalf of Parent.   (b) In the event any of the
conditions in Section 10.6(a) above is or becomes unsatisfied, or if the
Stockholder Representative has elected not to conduct the defense of the
claim (i) the indemnified party may defend against, and consent to the entry
of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to, such claim in
any manner it may deem appropriate; provided, however, that Parent shall not,
except at its own cost, make any settlement with respect to any such claim,
suit or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Stockholder
Representative (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
(ii) the Company Stockholders will reimburse the indemnified party promptly
and periodically for the costs of defending against such claim (including
attorneys\' fees and expenses), and (iii) the Company Stockholders will
remain responsible for any damages the indemnified party may suffer resulting
from, arising out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by such claim
to the fullest extent provided in this Article X.   (c) In the event any
claim is made, suit is brought or other proceeding is instituted against a
Company Stockholder, which involves or appears reasonably likely to involve a
Seller Claim for which indemnification may be sought against Parent
hereunder, the Stockholder Representative will, promptly (and in any event
within five (5) business days) after receipt of notice of any such claim,
suit or proceeding by a Company Stockholder, notify Parent of
the commencement thereof. The failure to so notify Parent of the commencement
of any such claim, suit or proceeding will relieve Parent from liability only
to the extent that such failure adversely affects the ability of Parent to
defend its interests in such claim, action or proceeding. Parent shall have
the right and shall be given the opportunity, to assume and control the
defense of such claim, suit or proceeding with counsel of its choice
reasonably satisfactory to the Stockholder Representative so long as (i)
Parent notifies the indemnified party in writing within 30 days after the
indemnified party has given notice of such claim that Parent will indemnify
the indemnified party from and against the entirety of any damages the
indemnified party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to, in
the nature of, or caused by such claim, (ii) such claim involves only money
damages and does not seek an injunction or other equitable relief, and (iii)
Parent conducts the defense of such claim actively and diligently; provided,
however that the Stockholder Representative, on behalf of the Company
Stockholders, and its counsel (at the Company Stockholder\'s expense) may
participate in but not control the conduct of, all matters pertaining to
the defense or settlement of such claim, suit or proceeding. Whether or not
Parent elects to assume such defense, the Stockholder Representative, on
behalf of the Company Stockholders, shall not, except at its own cost, make
any settlement with respect to any such claim, suit or proceeding without the
prior written consent of Parent. The Stockholder Representative\'s consent to
the settlement of any such claim, suit or proceeding by Parent shall be
required and shall not be unreasonably   63  withheld or delayed, but
such consent shall not be required if (or to the extent that) such settlement
only requires the payment of a monetary amount and includes a full release of
claims against the Company Stockholders and does not include a statement as
to or admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of
any Company Stockholder.   (d) In the event any of the conditions in Section
10.6(c) above is or becomes unsatisfied, or if Parent has elected not to
conduct the defense of the claim (i) the indemnified party may defend
against, and consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement with respect to, such claim in any manner it may deem appropriate
(and the indemnified party need not consult with or obtain any consent from,
Parent, Merger Sub or any of their affiliates in connection therewith);
provided that if (A) Parent has elected at the commencement of such claim not
to conduct the defense of such claim, or (B) Section 10.6(c)(ii) of this
Agreement is or becomes unsatisfied and the relief sought includes injunctive
relief or an equitable remedy, and the indemnified party is therefore
defending such claim, the indemnified party may not enter into any settlement
with respect to such claim without the prior written consent of Parent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if such settlement
would entitle the indemnified party to be paid monetary damages by Parent,
(ii) Parent will reimburse the indemnified party promptly and periodically
for the costs of defending against such claim (including attorneys\' fees and
expenses), and (iii) Parent will remain responsible for any damages
the indemnified party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating to,
in the nature of, or caused by such claim to the fullest extent provided in
this Article X.   SECTION 10.7 Definition of Damages. For purposes of this
Article X, the term "damages" shall mean the amount of any loss, claim,
demand, damage, deficiency, assessment, judgment, remediation, cost or
expense (including reasonable attorneys\', consultants\' and experts\' fees
and expenses) actually incurred, less the sum of any amount recovered under
an insurance policy carried by the party or parties seeking indemnification.
In the event the indemnifying party pays a claim and the indemnified party
subsequently receives insurance proceeds with respect to such claim, the
indemnified party shall pay the indemnifying party such insurance proceeds up
to the amount actually paid by the indemnifying party. The indemnified party
shall be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to seek and
obtain such insurance proceeds as quickly as practicable.   SECTION 10.8
Limitations. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of the Article X:   (a)
None of the parties to this Agreement nor any of their affiliates shall be
entitled to indemnification under this Article X until the aggregate amount
of all Buyer Claims or Seller Claims, as the case may be, exceeds $250,000 at
which time all Buyer Claims or Seller Claims, as the case may be, shall be
subject to indemnification;   (b) Any liability of the Company or the
Company Stockholders for indemnity obligations under this Article X arising
out of the breach of their representations and warranties or otherwise for
the breach of their obligations under this Agreement once the  
64  Closing is consummated shall be satisfied solely out of the shares of
Parent Common Stock delivered to the Escrow Agent and held pursuant to the
Escrow Agreement (the "ESCROWED SHARES"); provided, however, that any Buyer
Claims (i) related to the matters identified in Section 3.3 of this Agreement
and (ii) based upon fraud or intentional misrepresentation shall not be
subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 10.8(b); provided
further that any Buyer Claims not subject to the limitations set forth in
this Section 10.8(b) shall be first satisfied against the Escrowed Shares
until the Escrowed Shares are depleted; and   (c) In no event will any
indemnifying party be liable for consequential damages under this Article
X.   ARTICLE XI  GENERAL PROVISIONS   SECTION 11.1 Notices. All notices
and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made if and when delivered
personally or by overnight courier to the parties at the following addresses
or sent by electronic transmission, with confirmation received, to the
telescope numbers specified below (or at such other address or telescope
number for a party as shall be specified by like notice):    (a) If to
Parent or Merger Sub:   Emulex Corporation  3535 Harbor Boulevard  Costa
Mesa, California 92626  Attention: Paul F. Folino  Telecopier No.: (714)
641-0172  Telephone No.: (714) 662-5600   With a copy to:   Jeffer,
Mangels, Butler and Marmaro LLP  2121 Avenue of the Stars, 10th Floor  Los
Angeles, CA 90067  Attention: Robert F. Steinberg, Esq.  Telecopier No.:
(310) 203-0567  Telephone No.: (310) 203-8080   (b) If to the Company:  
Giganet, Inc.  580 Main Street  Bolton, MA 01740   65   Attention:
Cornelius Ferris  Telecopier No.: (978) 779-7200  Telephone No.: (978)
779-7201   With a copy to:   Hill and Barlow, a Professional Corporation 
One International Place  Boston, MA 02110  Attention: Brian P. Lenihan,
Esq.  Telecopier No.: (617) 428-3500  Telephone No.: (617) 428-3000   (c)
If to the Stockholder Representative:   David Follett  c/o Giganet, Inc. 
580 Main Street  Bolton, MA 01740  Telecopier No.: (978) 779-7200 
Telephone No.: (978) 779-7201    SECTION 11.2 Interpretations, Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:   (a) when a reference is made
in this Agreement to a section or article, such reference shall be to a
section or article of this Agreement unless otherwise clearly indicated to
the contrary;   (b) whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including"
are used in this Agreement they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation";   (c) a reference to any legislation or to any
provision of any legislation shall include any modification or re-enactment
thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all regulations
and statutory instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto;   (d) a
reference to any party to this Agreement or any other agreement or document
shall include such party\'s successors and permitted assigns;   (e) the
parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this
Agreement; in the event an ambiguity or question of intent interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the
parties, and no presumption or burden   66  of proof shall arise favoring
or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of
this Agreement;   (f) as used in this Agreement, any reference to any event,
change or effect being material or having a material adverse effect on or
with respect to any entity (or group of entities taken as a whole) means such
event, change or effect that is, will or is reasonably likely to be
materially adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets),
liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of
the Company or Parent and their subsidiaries, as the case may be, taken as a
whole.   (g) "affiliate" means a person that directly or indirectly, through
one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the first mentioned person; including, without limitation, any
partnership or joint venture in which the first mentioned person (either
alone, or through or together with any other subsidiary) has, directly or
indirectly, an interest of 5% or more;   (h) "beneficial owner" with
respect to any shares of Company Common Stock means a person who shall be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares (i) which such person or any
of its affiliates or associates (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, (ii) which such
person or any of its affiliates or associates has, directly or indirectly,
(A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or
subject only to the passage of time), pursuant to any agreement, arrangement
or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights,
warrants or options, or otherwise, or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or (iii) which are beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, by any other persons with whom such person or
any of its affiliates or associates has any agreement, arrangement
or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing
of an, shares;   (i) business day" means any day other than a Saturday or
Sunday or any day on which banks in State of California are required or
authorized to be closed;   (j) "control" including the terms "controlled
by" and "under common control with") means the possession, directly or
indirectly or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the
ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement
or otherwise;   (k) "knowledge of the Company" or "Company\'s knowledge"
means (i) actual knowledge and (ii) that knowledge which a reasonably prudent
businessperson (including the officers, directors and key employees of the
Company) could reasonably be expected to have obtained in the management of
his or her business affairs after making due inquiry and exercising
reasonable due diligence with respect thereto. In connection with the
forgoing, the knowledge (both actual and constructive) of any director,
officer or key employee of the Company shall be imputed to the Company actual
knowledge of any director,   67  officer or key employee of the Company;
provided, however, that after the Closing, "knowledge of the Company" or
"Company\'s knowledge" shall only mean actual knowledge of any director,
officer or key employee of the Company; and   (l) "person" means an
individual, corporation, partnership, association, trust, unincorporated
organization, other entity or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act).   SECTION 11.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto by action taken by or on behalf of their Boards of
Directors at any time prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that,
after approval of the Merger by the stockholders of the Company, no amendment
may be made which by law requires further approval by such stockholders
without such other approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.   SECTION 11.4
Extension Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties
hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards
of Directors, may to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other party
hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
any other party hereto contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant
hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions of
any other party hereto contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party
hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.   SECTION 11.5
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.   SECTION 11.6 Severability. If any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule
of law, or public policy, all other conditions an provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.   SECTION 11.7 Entire Agreement,
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents and
instruments referred to herein) (a) constitutes the entire agreement and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof
(including the letter of intent dated November 10, 2000), and (b) is not
intended to confer upon any person   68  other than the parties hereto any
rights or remedies hereunder, other than the persons intended to benefit from
the provisions of Article X, who shall have the right to enforce such
provisions directly.   SECTION 11.8 Assignment. This Agreement shall not be
assigned by operation of law or otherwise, except that Parent and Merger Sub
may assign all or any of their rights hereunder to any wholly owned
subsidiary thereof; provided, however, that no such assignment pursuant to
this Section 11.8 shall relieve Parent of its obligations hereunder.  
SECTION 11.9 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver, Remedies Cumulative.
No failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in the exercise of any
right hereunder shall impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of,
or acquiescence in, any breach of any representation, warranty or agreement
herein, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or of any other right. All rights and
remedies existing under this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.   SECTION 11.10 Parties in
Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other person any right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this agreement,
including, without limitation, by way of subrogation, other than Article X
(which is intended to be for the benefit of the indemnities thereunder and
may be enforced by such indemnities). Each of the parties hereto acknowledges
and agrees that such party has had an opportunity to consult with legal
counsel in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement,
the Escrow Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  
SECTION 11.11 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of State of California,
without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof, provided that the
Merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company shall be effected in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the MBCL. Each of the parties
hereto agrees that any action or proceeding brought to enforce the rights or
obligations of any party hereto under this Agreement will be commenced and
maintained in any court of competent jurisdiction located in the County of
Orange, State of California. Each of the parties hereto further agrees that
process may be served upon it by certified mail, return receipt requested,
addressed as more generally provided in Section 11.1 hereof, and consents to
the exercise of jurisdiction of a court of the State of California over it
and its properties with respect to any action, suit or proceeding arising out
of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby or the enforcement of any rights under this Agreement.   SECTION
11.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which   69  when executed shall be deemed to be an
original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement.    [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   70   Page  ----   IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and the
Stockholder Representative have caused this Agreement to be executed under
seal as of the date first written above by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized.    EMULEX CORPORATION    By: /s/ Paul
Folino  -------------------------------------  Name: Paul Folino  Title:
President    By: /s/ Michael J. Rockenbach 
-------------------------------------  Name: Michael J. Rockenbach  Title:
VP Finance, CFO    GEMX NETWORK SUB, INC.    By: /s/ Paul Folino 
-------------------------------------  Name: Paul Folino  Title:
President    By: /s/ Michael J. Rockenbach 
-------------------------------------  Name: Michael J. Rockenbach  Title:
Treasurer    GIGANET, INC.    By: /s/ Cornelius A. Ferris 
-------------------------------------  Name: Cornelius A. Ferris  Title:
CEO    By: /s/ James P. Antes  ------------------------------------- 
Name: James P. Antes  Title: Treasurer    /s/ David Follett 
-----------------------------------------  DAVID FOLLETT, as Stockholder 
Representative   '

