 AFFILIATION AGREEMENT     EXHIBIT 2.1  
AFFILIATION AGREEMENT  This Affiliation Agreement (this "Agreement") dated
as of July 23, 2002 is entered into by and among FIFTH THIRD BANCORP, a
corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Ohio (the "OGCL") with its principal office located in Cincinnati,
Ohio ("Fifth Third"), FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a corporation
organized and existing under the OGCL and a wholly owned subsidiary of Fifth
Third, with its principal office located in Cincinnati, Ohio ("Fifth Third
Financial"), and FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a corporation organized and
existing under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act (the "TBCA") with its
principal office located in Franklin, Tennessee ("Franklin").   W I T N E S
S E T H:  WHEREAS, each of Fifth Third and Franklin is a registered
financial services holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended, and Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial and Franklin desire
to effect a merger under the authority and provisions of the OGCL and the
TBCA pursuant to which at the Effective Time (as herein defined in Article
IX) Franklin will be merged with and into Fifth Third\'s wholly owned
subsidiary, Fifth Third Financial, with Fifth Third Financial as the
surviving corporation (the "Merger");  WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of
Franklin has determined that it is in the best interests of Franklin and its
stockholders to consummate the Merger, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein;  WHEREAS, the Executive Committee of the Board of
Directors of Fifth Third has determined that it is in the best interests of
Fifth Third and its stockholders to consummate the Merger, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein;  WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of
Fifth Third Financial has determined that it is in the best interests of
Fifth Third Financial and its stockholder to consummate the Merger, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein;  WHEREAS, under the terms of
this Agreement each share of Common Stock, no par value per share, of
Franklin (the "Franklin Common Stock"), which is issued and outstanding
(excluding any treasury shares) immediately prior to the Effective Time will
at the Effective Time be canceled and extinguished and converted into shares
of Common Stock, without par value, of Fifth Third ("Fifth Third
Common Stock"), all as more fully provided in this Agreement;  WHEREAS, the
parties to this Agreement intend that the Merger qualify as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code");  NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, Fifth Third, Fifth
Third Financial and Franklin agree together as follows:   Article I. Mode of
Effectuating Conversion of Shares; Effects of the Merger  A. The Merger.
Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective
Time, Franklin shall be merged with and into Fifth Third Financial.  B.
Treatment of Fifth Third Stock. At the Effective Time, all of the shares
of Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial Capital Stock that are issued
and outstanding or held by Fifth Third or Fifth Third Financial as treasury
shares immediately prior to the Effective Time will remain unchanged and will
remain outstanding or as treasury shares, as the case may be, of Fifth Third
and the Surviving Corporation (as hereinafter defined), respectively. Any
stock options, subscription rights, warrants or other securities outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, entitling the holders to subscribe
for purchase of any shares of the capital stock of any class of Fifth Third,
and any     securities outstanding at such time that are convertible into
shares of the capital stock of any class of Fifth Third will remain unchanged
and will remain outstanding, with the holders thereof entitled to subscribe
for, purchase or convert their securities into the number of shares of the
class of capital stock of Fifth Third to which they are entitled under the
terms of the governing documents.  C. Treatment of Franklin Stock. 1. At
the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder of any shares of Franklin Common Stock, subject to this
Section I.C.1 and Section I.F., each share of Franklin Common Stock
(excluding treasury shares) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be converted into .4039 shares of Fifth Third
Common Stock (or cash in lieu thereof for fractional shares, if any, as
described in Section I.E. below) subject to adjustment as determined in
accordance with the following (the "Exchange Ratio"):   (i) if the Average
Closing Price (as defined in I.D.1 below) is less than or equal to $63.13,
the Exchange Ratio will remain at .4039;   (ii) if the Average Closing Price
is greater than $63.13 but is less than $66.55, the Exchange Ratio will be
adjusted so that the Exchange Ratio will equal the quotient obtained by
dividing $25.50 by the Average Closing Price; and   (iii) if the Average
Closing Price is equal to or greater than $66.55, the Exchange Ratio will be
adjusted so that the Exchange Ratio will equal .3832.   At the Effective
Time, all shares of Franklin Common Stock held as treasury shares and all
shares of Franklin Common Stock owned by Fifth Third or any of its wholly
owned subsidiaries (other than in a fiduciary, custodial or similar capacity
or owned as a result of a debt previously contracted) will be canceled and
terminated and no shares of Fifth Third or other consideration will be issued
in exchange therefor.   2. At the Effective Time, all of the issued and
outstanding shares of Franklin Common Stock (excluding treasury shares), will
be converted as provided in this Article I, canceled and extinguished and the
holders of certificated or uncertificated shares thereof shall cease to have
any rights as shareholders of Franklin, other than the right to receive any
dividend or other distribution with respect to such Franklin Common Stock
with a record date occurring prior to the Effective Time and the right to
receive the consideration provided in this Article I. After the Effective
Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of Franklin of
shares of Franklin Common Stock.  D. Treatment of Franklin Options. 1. At
the Effective Time, each award, option, or other right to purchase or acquire
shares of Franklin Common Stock pursuant to stock options ("Franklin Rights")
granted by Franklin under any stock option plan, agreement, or arrangement
("Stock Plans"), which are outstanding at the Effective Time, whether or not
exercisable, shall automatically be converted into and become options with
respect to Fifth Third Common Stock, and Fifth Third shall assume each
Franklin Right, in accordance with the same terms and conditions of the Stock
Plan and stock option agreement by which the Franklin Right is evidenced,
except that, from and after the Effective Time, (i) Fifth Third and its
Compensation Committee shall be substituted for the Committee of Franklin\'s
Board of Directors (including, if applicable, the entire Board of Directors
of Franklin) administering such Stock Plan, (ii) each Franklin Right assumed
by Fifth Third may be exercised solely for shares of Fifth Third
Common Stock, (iii) the number of whole shares of Fifth Third Common Stock
subject to such Franklin Right shall be equal to the number of shares of
Franklin Common Stock subject to such Franklin Right immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio (subject to adjustment
pursuant to Section 1.F); and (iv) the per share exercise price under each
such Franklin Right shall be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise
price under each such Franklin Right by the Exchange Ratio (as so adjusted)
and rounding to the nearest four decimal places. Notwithstanding the
provisions of clause (iii) of the preceding sentence, Fifth Third shall not
be obligated to issue any fraction of a share of Fifth Third Common Stock
upon exercise of Franklin Rights and any fraction of a share of Fifth Third
Common Stock that otherwise would be subject to a converted Franklin Right
(after taking into account all Franklin Rights then being exercised) shall
represent the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of such
fraction and the excess, if any, of the Average Closing Price over the per
share exercise price of such Franklin    Right (as adjusted in accordance
with subparagraph (iv) of this Section I.D.1.). In addition, notwithstanding
the foregoing, each Franklin Right which is an "incentive stock option" shall
be adjusted as required by Section 424 of the Code so as not to constitute a
modification, extension or renewal of the option within the meaning of
Section 424 (h) of the Code. Fifth Third agrees to take all reasonable steps
which are necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions of this Section.
The "Average Closing Price" means the average of the closing prices for a
share of Fifth Third Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market (as reported
in The Wall Street Journal, or, if not reported thereby, any
other authoritative source) for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending
on the fifth (5th ) trading day preceding the Effective Time.   2. At or
prior to the Effective Time, Fifth Third shall take all corporate action
necessary to reserve for issuance sufficient shares of Fifth Third Common
Stock for delivery upon exercise of Franklin Rights assumed by Fifth Third in
accordance with this Section.   3. As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, Fifth Third shall file with the SEC a registration statement
on the appropriate form with respect to the shares of Fifth Third Common
Stock subject to such options and shall use its best efforts to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement or registration statements (and
to maintain the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses with respect
thereto) for so long as such options remain outstanding.  E. Exchange
Procedures. 1. After the Effective Time, each holder of a certificate or
certificates for shares of Franklin Common Stock as of the Effective Time,
upon surrender of the same duly transmitted to the Corporate Trust Department
of Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio banking corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio, as
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") (or in lieu of surrendering
such certificates, in the case of uncertificated shares or lost, stolen,
destroyed or mislaid certificates, upon execution of such documentation as
may be reasonably required by Fifth Third), shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefor a certificate or certificates representing the number of
whole shares of Fifth Third Common Stock into which such holder\'s shares of
Franklin Common Stock shall have been converted by the Merger pursuant to the
Exchange Ratio, plus a cash payment for any fraction of a share to which the
holder is entitled (after taking into account all certificates for shares of
Franklin Common Stock delivered by such holder), in lieu of such fraction of
a share, without any interest thereon, equal in amount to the product
resulting from multiplying such fraction by the Average Closing Price (such
certificates and cash being hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Exchange Fund"). Within fifteen (15) business days after the Effective Time,
the Exchange Agent will send a notice and transmittal form to each Franklin
shareholder of record at the Effective Time advising such shareholder of the
effectiveness of the Merger and the procedures for surrendering to the
Exchange Agent outstanding certificates formerly evidencing Franklin Common
Stock in exchange for new certificates of Fifth Third Common Stock and cash
in lieu of fractional shares, or for receiving certificates of Fifth Third
Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares with respect to
uncertificated shares of Franklin Common Stock. Until so surrendered, as
applicable, each uncertificated share and outstanding certificate that prior
to the Effective Time represented shares of Franklin Common Stock shall be
deemed for all corporate purposes to represent the right to receive the
number of full shares of Fifth Third Common Stock and cash in lieu of
fractional share interests into which the same shall have been converted;
provided, however, that dividends or distributions otherwise payable with
respect to shares of Fifth Third Common Stock into which Franklin
Common Stock shall have been so converted shall be paid with respect to such
shares only when the transmittal form shall have been validly executed and
delivered (and, in the case of certificated shares, the certificate or
certificates evidencing shares of Franklin Common Stock shall have been so
surrendered, or in lieu of surrendering such certificates in the case of
lost, stolen, destroyed or mislaid certificates, upon execution of such
documentation as may be reasonably required by Fifth Third) and thereupon any
such dividends and distributions shall be paid, without interest, to the
holder entitled thereto subject, however, to the operation of any applicable
escheat or similar laws relating to unclaimed funds.   2. Any portion of
the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the stockholders of Franklin for
twelve months after the Effective Time shall be paid to Fifth Third. Any
stockholders of Franklin who have not theretofore complied with this Section
I.E. shall thereafter only look to Fifth Third for payment of the shares of
Fifth Third Common Stock and cash in lieu of any fractional shares
deliverable in respect of each share of Franklin Common Stock such
stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, without
any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Exchange
Agent nor any party hereto shall be liable to any former holder of Franklin
Common Stock for any amount or security delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
laws.     F. Adjustments to Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio referred
to in Section I.C. shall be adjusted so as to give the Franklin shareholders
the economic benefit of any stock dividends, reclassifications,
recapitalizations, split-ups, exchanges of shares, mergers, combinations or
subdivisions of or affecting Fifth Third Common Stock (each, a "Share
Adjustment") effected between the date of this Agreement and the Effective
Time. In particular, without limiting the foregoing, if, prior to the
Effective Time, Fifth Third should effect a split, reclassification or
combination of the Fifth Third Common Stock, or pay or declare a stock
dividend or other stock distribution in Fifth Third Common Stock, as of a
record date and with a payment date prior to the Effective Time, or engage in
a merger, consolidation, combination or share exchange whereby Fifth Third
Common Stock is exchanged for securities of another entity, appropriate and
proportionate adjustments (rounded to the nearest one-ten-thousandth of a
share) will be made to the Exchange Ratio and the total number of shares of
Fifth Third Common Stock or other securities to be issued in the transaction
so that each shareholder of Franklin shall be entitled to receive such number
of shares of Fifth Third Common Stock or other securities as such shareholder
would have received pursuant to such Share Adjustment had the record date and
the payment date therefor been immediately following the Effective Time of
the Merger. In the event of a Share Adjustment with a record date between the
date of this Agreement and the Effective Time but a payment date subsequent
to the Effective Time, Fifth Third shall take all actions necessary such that
on such payment date, any holder of Franklin Common Stock as of the Effective
Time shall be entitled to receive such number of shares of Fifth Third Common
Stock or other securities as such shareholder would have received as a result
of such Share Adjustment if the record date for such Share Adjustment had
been immediately after the Effective Time.  G. Effectiveness of Merger;
Surviving Corporation. After all necessary documents have been filed and
received in accordance with the OGCL and the TBCA, at the Effective Time, the
Merger shall become effective, the separate existence of Franklin shall cease
and Franklin shall be merged into Fifth Third Financial (which will be the
"Surviving Corporation"), which shall continue its corporate existence under
the laws of the State of Ohio under the name "Fifth Third Financial
Corporation".  H. Articles of the Surviving Corporation. The Articles of
Incorporation of Fifth Third Financial of record with the Secretary of State
of Ohio as of the Effective Time shall be the Articles of Incorporation of
the Surviving Corporation, until further amended as provided by law.  I.
Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. 1. The Directors
of Fifth Third Financial who are in office at the Effective Time shall be
the directors of the Surviving Corporation, each of whom shall continue to
serve as a Director for the term for which he was elected, subject to the
Regulations of the Surviving Corporation and in accordance with applicable
law.   2. The officers of Fifth Third Financial who are in office at
the Effective Time shall continue as officers of the Surviving Corporation,
subject to the Regulations of the Surviving Corporation and in accordance
with applicable law.  J. Regulations of the Surviving Corporation. The
Regulations of Fifth Third Financial at the Effective Time shall be the
Regulations of the Surviving Corporation, until amended as provided therein
and in accordance with applicable law.  K. Effects of the Merger. At the
Effective Time, the effects of the Merger shall be as provided by the
applicable provisions of the laws of Ohio and, to the extent applicable,
Tennessee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject
thereto, at the Effective Time: the separate existence of Franklin shall
cease; Fifth Third Financial as the Surviving Corporation shall possess and
have title to all assets and property (including all real estate) of
every description, and every interest therein, wherever located, without
reversion or impairment, and the rights, privileges, immunities, powers,
franchises and authority, of a public as well as a private nature, of each of
Fifth Third Financial and Franklin, and all obligations owing by or due each
of Fifth Third Financial and Franklin shall be vested in, and become the
obligations of, Fifth Third Financial, without further act or deed; and all
rights of     creditors of each of Fifth Third Financial and Franklin
shall be preserved unimpaired, and all liens upon the property of each of
Fifth Third Financial and Franklin shall be preserved unimpaired, on only the
property affected by such liens immediately prior to the Effective
Time.  L. Further Actions. From time to time as and when requested by the
Surviving Corporation, or by its successors or assigns, the officers and
Directors of Franklin in office immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
execute and deliver such instruments and shall take or cause to be taken such
further or other action as shall be necessary in order to vest or perfect in
the Surviving Corporation or to confirm of record or otherwise, title to, and
possession of, all the assets, property, interests, rights, privileges,
immunities, powers, franchises and authority of Franklin and otherwise to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement.  M. Filing of Documents. A
certificate of merger shall be filed and/or recorded in accordance with the
requirements of each of the laws of the States of Ohio and Tennessee, as
provided in Article IX. Such filing shall not be made until, but shall be
filed promptly after, all of the conditions precedent to consummating the
Merger as contained in Article VI of this Agreement shall have been fully
satisfied or effectively waived at the Closing contemplated by Article IX
hereof.  N. Tax Treatment. The parties intend that the Merger qualify as
a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The
Agreement is intended to be a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of
the regulations promulgated under the Code and for purposes of Section 354
and 361 of the Code.  O. No Dissenters\' Rights. No holder of Fifth Third
Common Stock, Fifth Third Financial Capital Stock, or Franklin Common Stock
shall be entitled to relief as a dissenting shareholder pursuant to the TBCA,
the OGCL or otherwise.  P. Consolidation of Entities; Changes to Form of
Merger. The parties agree to cooperate and take all reasonable requisite
action prior to or following the Effective Time to merge or otherwise
consolidate legal entities (effective at or after the Effective Time) to the
extent desirable in Fifth Third\'s good faith judgment for commercial,
regulatory or other reasons, and further agree that Fifth Third may, at any
time, change the legal method of effecting the Merger (including without
limitation the provisions of Article I hereof) if and to the extent Fifth
Third reasonably deems such change to be desirable, including, without
limitation, to provide for the merger of Franklin with another wholly-owned
subsidiary of Fifth Third or Fifth Third Financial or the merger of the Bank
Subsidiary (as defined in Section II.B) with a bank subsidiary of
Fifth Third; provided, however, that no such change shall (A) alter or change
the amount or kind of the consideration for the Merger to be received by
the shareholders of Franklin in the Merger, (B) adversely affect the tax
treatment to shareholders of Franklin, or (C) materially impede or delay
receipt of any approvals referred to herein or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Franklin shall, if requested by Fifth
Third, enter into one or more amendments to this Agreement prior to the
Effective Time in order to effect such a change.  Q. Plan or Articles of
Merger. At the request of Fifth Third, Franklin shall enter into a separate
plan of merger or articles of merger reflecting the terms hereof (including
Section I.P. hereof) for purposes of any filing required by any applicable
law.  R. Disclosure Schedule. Franklin has delivered to Fifth Third a
confidential schedule (the "Disclosure Schedule"), executed by Franklin and
Fifth Third concurrently with the delivery and execution hereof, setting
forth, among other things, in each case with respect to specified sections of
this Agreement, items the disclosure of which shall be necessary or
appropriate either in response to an express disclosure requirement contained
in a provision hereof or as an exception to one or more representations or
warranties contained in Article II hereof. Franklin shall supplement or amend
the Disclosure Schedule, and add additional references to the Disclosure
Schedule to its representations and warranties contained in this Agreement,
with respect to any matter arising after the date hereof or discovered
between the date hereof and the date of the Closing; provided, however, that
no such additional information so disclosed to Fifth Third shall be deemed an
exception to any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
of Franklin or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this
Agreement unless Fifth Third, in its sole discretion, agrees in writing to
accept such exception. A copy of the amended or supplemented Disclosure
Schedule and the additional Disclosure Schedule references shall be promptly
provided to Fifth Third.     Article II. Representations and Warranties of
Franklin  Franklin represents and warrants to Fifth Third and Fifth Third
Financial that:  A. Organization; Capitalization; Subsidiaries. 1. Franklin
(i) is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing as a
corporation under the TBCA and is a registered financial services holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act; (ii) is duly authorized, in all
material respects, to conduct the business in which it is engaged in all
material respects; (iii) has an authorized capital stock consisting entirely
of 500,000,000 shares of Franklin Common Stock; (iv) has no outstanding
securities of any kind, nor any outstanding options, warrants or other
rights, contracts, understandings or commitments entitling another person to
acquire or to receive consideration based on the value of any securities of
Franklin of any kind, other than (a) 7,906,731 shares of Franklin Common
Stock, which are authorized, duly issued and outstanding as of June 1, 2002,
all of which shares are fully paid and non-assessable, (b) options to
purchase a total of not more than 2,278,075 shares of Franklin Common Stock
as of June 30, 2002, which were granted to and are currently held by the
present and former employees, officers, Directors and advisory directors of
Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries (as defined below), and (c) a number of
shares not to exceed 600 per calendar quarter issuable pursuant to
Franklin\'s 2000 Stock Purchase Plan. Since the date referred to in clause
(iv) of the preceding sentence to the date hereof, Franklin has not issued
any shares, except in connection with the exercise of the outstanding options
referred to in clause (iv)(b). The Disclosure Schedule sets forth a correct
and complete list of all options referred to in clause (iv)(b), together with
the name of the holder, the date of issuance, the exercise price, and vesting
information.   2. The Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct
list of all of Franklin\'s subsidiaries (the "Franklin Subsidiaries") in
addition to (a) a description of their businesses, (b) their respective
states of incorporation, and (c) the location of the principal office of each
Franklin Subsidiary. Except for the capital stock and securities referred to
in the immediately following sentence, there are no outstanding shares of
capital stock or other equity securities of any such Franklin Subsidiary,
options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, scrip, rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities
or rights convertible into, shares of any capital stock or other equity
securities of any such Franklin Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which any such Franklin Subsidiary may
become bound to issue additional shares of its capital stock or other equity
securities, or options, warrants, scrip or rights to purchase, acquire,
subscribe to, calls on or commitments for any shares of its capital stock or
other equity securities. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, all
of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities evidencing
ownership of the Franklin Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and
(except as otherwise required by law) non-assessable and such shares or other
securities are owned by Franklin or its wholly-owned Franklin Subsidiaries
free and clear of any lien, claim, charge, option, encumbrance, mortgage,
pledge or security interest with respect thereto. Other than as set forth on
the Disclosure Schedule, Franklin does not own (other than in a bona fide
fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of a debt previously
contracted) beneficially, directly or indirectly, shares or equity securities
or similar interests of any person or any interest in a partnership or joint
venture of any kind, other than shares, securities and interests as are not
material.  B. Bank Subsidiary. Franklin National Bank ("Bank Subsidiary") is
duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing as a national
banking association, and has all the requisite power and authority to conduct
the banking business as now conducted by it. Each of the other Franklin
Subsidiaries is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing in
its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has all the requisite power and
authority to conduct its business as now conducted.  C. Financial
Statements; Regulatory Reports. 1. Franklin has previously furnished to Fifth
Third its audited, consolidated balance sheet, statement of operations and
statement of shareholders\' equity and cash flows as of December 31, 2001,
and for the year then ended, together with the opinion of its independent
certified public accountants associated therewith. Franklin has
made available to Fifth Third the Call Reports as filed with the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC") of the Bank Subsidiary as of
December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001. Franklin has also made available to Fifth
Third (i) its unaudited, consolidated condensed financial statements as
of     and for the quarter ended March 31, 2002, and (ii) the Bank Call
Report as filed with the OCC for the quarter ended March 31, 2002. Such
audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of Franklin fairly
present the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of Franklin as of the date thereof, and for the years or periods
covered thereby, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP"), consistently applied (except as stated therein and except for the
omission of notes to unaudited statements and except for normal (in nature
and amount) year-end adjustments to interim results). There are no material
liabilities, obligations or indebtedness of Franklin or any of the Franklin
Subsidiaries required to be disclosed in the financial statements (or in the
footnotes to the financial statements) so furnished other than the
liabilities, obligations or indebtedness disclosed in such financial
statements (including footnotes). Since March 31, 2002, Franklin and the
Franklin Subsidiaries have not incurred any liabilities outside the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice.   2. The financial
statements of Franklin to be provided to Fifth Third pursuant to Section
V.D.3. hereof will fairly present, as applicable, the consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of Franklin as of the dates
thereof and for the years or periods covered thereby, in conformity with
GAAP, consistently applied (for quarterly financial statements only and
except as stated therein and except for the omission of notes to unaudited
statements and except for normal (in nature and amount) year-end adjustments
to interim results).   3. Franklin has made available to Fifth Third an
accurate and complete copy (including all exhibits and all documents
incorporated by reference) of each of the following documents as filed by
Franklin with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"): (a) each final
registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy
statement filed since January 1, 2000 by Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary
with the SEC, pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange
Act") (the "Franklin Reports"), and (b) each communication mailed by Franklin
to its stockholders since January 1, 2000. Since January 1, 2000, Franklin
has timely filed (and will timely file after the date of this Agreement) all
reports and other documents required to be filed by it under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, and, as of their respective dates, all such reports
complied (and, in the case of all reports and other documents filed after the
date of this Agreement, will comply) in all material respects with
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. As of
the date of filing or mailing, as the case may be, no such registration
statement, prospectus, report or proxy statement contained (and no
registration statement, prospectus, report or proxy statement filed or mailed
after the date of this Agreement will contain) any untrue statement of a
material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that
information as of a later date (but filed before the date hereof) shall be
deemed to modify information as of an earlier date. No event has occurred
subsequent to December 31, 2000 which Franklin is required to describe in a
Current Report on Form 8-K other than the Current Reports heretofore
furnished by Franklin to Fifth Third. None of the Franklin Subsidiaries has
any class of securities registered, or is obligated to register any class of
securities, under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.   4. Franklin and the
Franklin Subsidiaries have filed all material reports, registrations and
statements, together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, that they were required to file since January 1, 1999 with any
applicable industry self-regulatory organization or stock exchange ("SRO")
and any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory
agency or authority (collectively with the SEC and the SROs, "Regulatory
Agencies"), and all material other reports, registrations and statements
required to be filed by them since January 1, 1999, including, without
limitation, any material report or statement required to be filed pursuant to
the laws, rules or regulations of the United States, any state, or any
Regulatory Agency, and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable
in connection therewith. Except for normal examinations conducted by a
Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the business of Franklin and the
Franklin Subsidiaries, or as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, no
Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to the Knowledge of
Franklin, investigation into the business or operations of Franklin or the
Franklin Subsidiaries since January 1, 1999. To the Knowledge of Franklin,
there is no unresolved violation, or material criticism or exception, by any
bank Regulatory Agency with respect to any report, registration or statement
relating to any examinations of Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries.  As
used herein, the term "Knowledge" as used with respect to an
entity (including references to such entity being aware of a particular
matter) shall mean the actual personal knowledge of each of the executive
officers of such     entity and such knowledge as such individual would
reasonably be expected to obtain upon completion of a reasonable
investigation of materials pertinent to such subject matter as would be
available to such individual in the ordinary course of performing his or her
duties for such entity.  D. Title to Properties. Franklin and the Franklin
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all of the material properties
and assets reflected in Franklin\'s statement of financial condition as of
December 31, 2001, other than properties and assets sold in the ordinary
course of business since that date, and each has good and marketable title to
all material properties and assets acquired by it after such date (other than
properties and assets subsequently sold in the ordinary course of business),
subject to (i) any liens and encumbrances that do not materially adversely
impair the use of the property, (ii) statutory liens for taxes not yet due
and payable, and (iii) minor defects and irregularities in title that do not
materially adversely impair the use of the property. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, certain assets located on Franklin\'s premises or currently owned
by Franklin as such are listed on the Disclosure Schedule are and will be
deemed to be personal assets of Mr. Gordon Inman, or will be conveyed to him
prior to the Effective Time and shall not be deemed to be assets of
Franklin.  E. No Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Franklin,
since December 31, 2001, no event has occurred and no fact or circumstance
has come to exist or come to be known which, directly or indirectly,
individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances and events
(described in any paragraph of this Article II or otherwise), has had, or is
reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Franklin. As used in this Agreement, the term "Material Adverse Effect"
means, with respect to Franklin or Fifth Third, any effect that (i) is, or is
reasonably expected to be, material and adverse to the financial condition,
results of operations or business of Franklin and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, or Fifth Third and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, respectively, or
(ii) would materially impair the ability of either Franklin or Fifth Third to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or would otherwise materially
threaten or materially impede the consummation of the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that Material
Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (a) changes in
banking and similar laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof
by courts or governmental authorities, (b) changes in GAAP or
regulatory accounting requirements applicable to banks and their holding
companies generally, and (c) any modifications or changes to valuation or
reserve policies and practices in connection with or in anticipation of the
Merger.  F. Litigation; Regulatory Action. 1. There are no actions, suits,
proceedings, investigations or assessments of any kind pending, or to the
Knowledge of Franklin, threatened, against Franklin or any Franklin
Subsidiary which reasonably can be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Franklin. The Disclosure Schedule lists all pending or, to the Knowledge
of Franklin, threatened claims and proceedings which, in each case, seek, or
would be reasonably likely to result in, damages or other amounts payable by
Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries, in excess of $50,000.   2. Except as
set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, there are no actions, suits, claims,
proceedings, investigations or assessments of any kind pending, or to the
Knowledge of Franklin, threatened against any of the Directors or officers of
Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary in their capacities as such, and no
Director or officer of Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary currently is being
indemnified or seeking to be indemnified by either Franklin or any Franklin
Subsidiary pursuant to applicable law or applicable articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other constituent documents or any
indemnity agreements.   3. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule,
neither Franklin nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries is subject to any
cease-and-desist or other order issued by, or is a party to any written
agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a
party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to
any order or directive by, or, since January 1, 1999, has been a recipient of
any supervisory letter from or has adopted any board resolutions at the
request of, any Regulatory Agency or other governmental entity, that
restricts the conduct of its business or has resulted, or could reasonably be
expected to result, in a liability or that in any manner relates to its
capital adequacy, its credit policies, its management or its business (each a
"Franklin Regulatory Agreement"), nor has Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary
been advised since January 1, 1999 by any Regulatory Agency or other
governmental entity that it is considering issuing or requesting any such
Franklin Regulatory Agreement. To the Knowledge of Franklin, there is
no pending or threatened regulatory investigation that is reasonably likely
to result in a Franklin Regulatory Agreement.    G. Ordinary Course of
Business. Except as disclosed in the Franklin Reports filed prior to the date
hereof, since December 31, 2001, Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries have
each been operated in the ordinary course of business, have not made any
changes in their respective capital or corporate structures, nor any material
changes in their methods of business operations and have not provided any
increases in employee salaries or benefits other than increases in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and have not
instituted or made any announcements to institute or amend any
existing employee benefit plan, policy or arrangement or any employment
contract or policy. Except as disclosed in the Franklin Reports filed prior
to the date hereof, since December 31, 2001 to the date hereof, Franklin has
not declared or paid any dividends nor made any distributions of any other
kind to its shareholders except for its regular quarterly cash dividends of
$0.055 per share, which have been paid consistent with its past
practice.  H. Taxes. 1. Franklin and each Franklin Subsidiary have timely
filed all federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed (after
giving effect to all extensions) by them, respectively, and have paid or
provided for all tax liabilities shown to be due thereon or which have been
assessed against them, respectively. All tax returns filed by Franklin or any
Franklin Subsidiary through the date hereof are complete and accurate in all
material respects. Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule, none of
Franklin, Bank Subsidiary, nor any of the other Franklin Subsidiaries is
currently under audit nor have any of them been contacted for an audit by any
taxing authority. None of Franklin, Bank Subsidiary, nor any of the Non-Bank
Subsidiaries is engaged in any appeal proceeding in connection with any tax
return.   2. Franklin has no reason to believe that any conditions exist
that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.   3. Since December 31,
2001, except insofar as required by a change in GAAP, there has been no
material change in any accounting methods, principles or practices of
Franklin or the Bank Subsidiary.  I. Contracts. Except as set forth on the
Disclosure Schedule, neither Franklin nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries is
a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding
(a) as of the date hereof, with respect to the employment, termination or
compensation of any directors, executive officers, employees or material
consultants (other than oral contracts of employment at will or engagement of
consultants which may be terminated without material penalty), (b) which is a
"material contract" (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation
S-K of the SEC) that has not been filed with or incorporated by reference in
the Franklin Reports, (c) which contains any material non-compete or
exclusivity provisions with respect to any business or geographic area in
which business is conducted by Franklin or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries
or which restricts the conduct of any business by Franklin or any of the
Franklin Subsidiaries or any geographic area in which Franklin or any of the
Franklin Subsidiaries may conduct business or requires exclusive referrals of
any business, (d) except as contemplated by Article I or Section V.E.5., or
as required by any Benefit Plan, any of the benefits of which will
be increased, or the funding, vesting or payment of the benefits of which
will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or together with any other
event), or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on
the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (e)
which would prohibit or materially delay the consummation of the Merger.
Franklin has previously made available to Fifth Third true and correct copies
of all employment, termination, compensation, change of control, and similar
agreements (including deferred compensation) with executive officers, key
employees or material consultants which are in writing and to which Franklin
or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries is a party. Each contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section II.I.,
whether or not set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, is referred to herein as
a "Franklin Contract", and neither Franklin nor any of the Franklin
Subsidiaries has Knowledge of, or has received notice of, any violation of
any Franklin Contract by it or any of the other parties thereto.  J. Loan
Losses. Since December 31, 2001, to the date hereof, except as disclosed in
Franklin Reports filed prior to the date hereof, none of the
Franklin Subsidiaries has incurred any unusual or extraordinary loan losses
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Franklin. To the Knowledge of Franklin and in light of each of the Bank
Subsidiaries\' historical loan loss experience and its management\'s analysis
of the quality and performance of its loan portfolio, as December 31, 2001,
its reserve for loan losses was, in the opinion of Franklin, adequate to
absorb potential loan losses determined on the basis of management\'s
continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio and judgment as to the
impact of economic conditions on the portfolio.      K. Broker. Other
than Trident Securities, a division of McDonald Investments, Inc., neither
Franklin nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries has a direct or indirect
commitment to any investment banker, broker, or finder in connection with
this transaction and neither has incurred or will incur any obligation
for any investment banker\'s, broker\'s or finder\'s fee or commission in
connection with the transactions provided for in this Agreement.  L. Board
Approval; Corporate Authority; No Breach. 1. The Directors of Franklin, by
resolution adopted by the unanimous vote of all Directors present at
a meeting duly called and held in accordance with applicable law, have
duly approved this Agreement. The Directors of Franklin have recommended
the Agreement to the shareholders of Franklin and have directed that the
Agreement be submitted to a vote of Franklin\'s shareholders at the annual or
a special meeting of the shareholders to be called for that purpose.   2.
Franklin has the corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement
and to carry out its obligations hereunder subject to required regulatory
approvals and, in the case of consummation of the Merger, subject to approval
by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Franklin Common
Stock, which is the only approval of shareholders required. This Agreement
has been duly authorized and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of
Franklin, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
(i) enforceability thereof may be limited by insolvency, reorganization,
liquidation, bankruptcy, readjustment of debt or other laws of general
application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors\' rights
generally and (ii) the availability of certain remedies may be precluded by
general principles of equity.   3. Neither the execution of this Agreement,
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or
together with any other event), (i) conflicts with, results in a breach of,
violates or constitutes a default under, (x) Franklin\'s Charter or By-laws
or, to the Knowledge of Franklin, any federal, state or local law, statute,
ordinance, rule, regulation or court or administrative order, or (y) any
material agreement, arrangement, or commitment, to which Franklin or the
Franklin Subsidiaries is subject or bound; (ii) to the Knowledge of Franklin,
results in the creation of or gives any person the right to create any
material lien, charge, encumbrance, or security agreement or any other
material rights of others or other material adverse interest upon any
material right, property or asset belonging to Franklin or any Franklin
Subsidiary; (iii) terminates or gives any person the right to terminate,
amend, abandon, or refuse to perform any material agreement, arrangement or
commitment to which Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary is a party or by
which Franklin\'s or any Franklin Subsidiary\'s material rights, properties
or assets are subject or bound; or (iv) to the Knowledge of
Franklin, accelerates or modifies, or gives any party thereto the right to
accelerate or modify, the time within which, or the terms according to which,
Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary is to perform any duties or obligations
or receive any rights or benefits under any material agreements, arrangements
or commitments. For purposes of clauses (iii) and (iv) immediately preceding,
material agreements, arrangements or commitments exclude (without limitation)
agreements, arrangements or commitments having a term expiring less than
twelve (12) months from the date of this Agreement or which do not require
the expenditure of more than $50,000 over the term of the agreement,
arrangement or commitment (but shall include all agreements, arrangements or
commitments pursuant to which credit has been extended by any Bank
Subsidiary).   4. As of the date hereof, Franklin is not aware of the
existence of any factor that would materially delay or materially hinder
issuance of any of the required regulatory approvals necessary to consummate
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.  M. Articles and
By-laws. Complete and accurate copies of the (i) Charter and By-laws of
Franklin and (ii) the charter and bylaws of each Franklin Subsidiary in force
as of the date hereof have been delivered to Fifth Third.  N. Compliance
with Law. To the Knowledge of Franklin, neither Franklin nor any of the
Franklin Subsidiaries nor any employee, officer or Director of any of them
acting in such capacity has engaged in any activity or omitted to take
any action which, in any material way, has resulted or could reasonably be
expected to result in the violation of, or material failure to comply with
the regulatory requirements of (i) any local, state or federal law (including
without limitation the Bank Secrecy Act, the Community Reinvestment Act,
applicable consumer protection and disclosure    laws and regulations,
including without limitation, Truth in Lending, Truth in Savings and similar
disclosure laws and regulations, and equal employment and employment
discrimination laws and regulations) or (ii) any regulation,
order, injunction or decree of any court or governmental body, the violation
of either of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, individually or in the aggregate, on Franklin, and neither Franklin
nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries has received notice of any violation of
any of the above that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Franklin. To the Knowledge of Franklin, Franklin and the Franklin
Subsidiaries possess all material licenses, franchises, permits and other
authorizations necessary to continue to conduct such businesses as they are
presently conducted following the Effective Time without material
interference or interruption.  O. Environmental Matters. 1. Franklin has no
Knowledge of any actions, proceedings or investigations pending before any
environmental regulatory body, with respect to or threatened against or
affecting Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary in respect of, any "facility"
owned, leased or operated by any of them (but excluding any "facility" as to
which the sole interest of Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary is that of a
lienholder or mortgagee, but including any "facility" to which title has been
taken pursuant to mortgage foreclosure or similar proceedings and including
any "facility" in which Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary ever participated
in the financial management to a degree sufficient to influence, or have the
ability to influence, the facility\'s treatment of hazardous waste) under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended ("CERCLA"), or under any Federal, state, local or municipal
statute, ordinance or regulation in respect thereof, in connection with any
release of any toxic or "hazardous substance", pollutant or contaminant into
the "environment", nor, to the Knowledge of Franklin, is there any reasonable
basis for the institution of any such actions or proceedings or
investigations which is probable of assertion, nor are there any such actions
or proceedings or investigations in which Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary
is a plaintiff or complainant. Neither Franklin nor any Franklin Subsidiary
has been determined by any court or Regulatory Agency to be, nor to the
Knowledge of Franklin does there exist any facts or circumstances which could
reasonably lead to Franklin or a Franklin Subsidiary being held, liable in
any material respect under any applicable law for any release by any of them
or for any release by any other "person" of a hazardous substance caused by
the spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying,
discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping or disposing of hazardous
wastes or other chemical substances, pollutants or contaminants into the
environment, nor has Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary been determined by
any court or Regulatory Agency to be, nor to the Knowledge of Franklin does
there exist any facts or circumstances which could reasonably lead to
Franklin or a Franklin Subsidiary being held, liable for any material costs
(as a result of the acts or omissions of Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary
or, to the Knowledge of Franklin, as a result of the acts or omissions of any
other "person") of any remedial action including, without limitation, costs
arising out of security fencing, alternative water supplies, temporary
evacuation and housing and other emergency assistance undertaken by any
environmental regulatory body having jurisdiction over Franklin or any
Franklin Subsidiary to prevent or minimize any actual or threatened release
by Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary of any hazardous wastes or other
chemical substances, pollutants and contaminants into the environment which
would endanger the public health or the environment. All terms contained in
quotation marks in this paragraph and the paragraph immediately following
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms, and defined in, CERCLA.   2.
To the Knowledge of Franklin, each "facility" owned, leased or operated by
Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary (but excluding any "facility" as to which
the sole interest of Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiary is that of
a lienholder or mortgagee, but including any "facility" to which title has
been taken pursuant to mortgage foreclosure or similar proceedings and
including any "facility" in which Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary ever
participated in the financial management to a degree sufficient to influence,
or have the ability to influence, the facility\'s treatment of hazardous
waste) is, in all material respects, in compliance with all applicable
Federal, state, local or municipal statutes, ordinances, laws and regulations
and all orders, rulings or other decisions of any court, administrative
agency or other governmental authority relating to the protection of the
environment, except to the extent a failure to comply would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries taken as a
whole.  P. Employment Matters. 1. Benefit Plans. The Disclosure Schedule
lists the name of each Benefit Plan (as herein defined), together with an
indication of the type of plan (i.e., defined benefit, defined contribution,
health and welfare, etc.) and funding status (e.g., funded trust, unfunded
obligation or insurance policy). For purposes hereof, the term "Benefit Plan"
shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice, arrangement, agreement or
system, whether written or unwritten for the benefit of employees, former
employees, directors or former directors, or independent     contractors
or former independent contractors which is or was contributed to
or maintained presently or at any time in the last four (4) years by Franklin
or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries in respect of which Franklin, or any of
the Franklin Subsidiaries, are a party or have any liability(contingent
or otherwise) and shall include, without limitation, (a) any retirement plan
such as a pension, profit sharing, stock bonus plan or employee stock
ownership plan ("ESOP"), (b) any plan, program or arrangement providing
deferred compensation, bonus deferral, stock option or other equity based
compensation, change in control payments or benefits or incentive benefits,
whether funded or unfunded, and (c) any welfare plan, program or policy
providing vacation, severance, salary continuation, supplemental
unemployment, disability, life, health coverage, retiree health, Voluntary
Employees\' Beneficiary Association, medical expense reimbursement or
dependent care assistance benefits, in any such foregoing case without regard
to whether the Benefit Plan constitutes an employee benefit plan under
Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA"), or the number of employees covered under such Benefit
Plan. The term "Benefit Plan" for all purposes of this Agreement shall
include each Predecessor Plan (as hereinafter defined). For purposes hereof,
"Predecessor Plan" shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice,
arrangement, agreement or system as otherwise described herein which was
maintained, contributed to or resulted in liability to any
predecessor employer of Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary since January 1,
1998. For purposes hereof, "predecessor employer" shall mean any employer,
entity, or business operation acquired by Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary
in any type of acquisition (including without limitation, mergers, stock
acquisitions and asset acquisitions). Through the date of this Agreement,
neither Franklin nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries have made or have
committed to make any contributions to any Benefit Plan outside the ordinary
course of business and inconsistent with past practice with regard to
amounts. None of the Benefit Plans is a "multiemployer plan" within the
meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.   2. Plan Documents, Reports and Filings.
Either Franklin or a Franklin Subsidiary has provided to Fifth Third true,
complete and correct copies of all plan documents comprising each Benefit
Plan, or, if no plan document exists, a description of such Benefit Plan,
together with, when applicable, (a) the most recent summary plan description
and any material modifications thereto, (b) the trust agreement insurance
contract or other documentation of any related funding arrangement, (c) the
most recent actuarial and financial reports and the most recent annual
reports filed with any governmental agency, including without limitation all
Forms 5500 and all schedules thereto, and (d) all Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") or other governmental agency rulings and determination letters or any
open requests for IRS rulings or letters with respect to Benefit Plans issued
within five years of the date of this Agreement and any
material communications to or from any governmental agency with respect to
such Benefit Plans.   3. Qualified Retirement Plan Compliance. With respect
to each Benefit Plan which is an employee pension benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA) other than any such plan that meets the "top-hat"
exception under Section 201(1) of ERISA (a "Qualified Benefit Plan"): (a) the
IRS has issued a determination letter which determined that such Qualified
Benefit Plan (as amended by any and all amendments other than the GUST
amendment referred to below) satisfies the requirements of Section 401(a) of
the Code, as amended by all the laws referred to in Section 1 of Revenue
Procedure 93-39, such determination letter has not been revoked or threatened
to be revoked by the IRS, and the scope of such determination letter is
complete and does not exclude consideration of any of the requirements or
matters referred to in Sections 4.02 through 4.04 of Revenue Procedure 93-39;
(b) such Qualified Benefit Plan has been timely amended and submitted to the
IRS with a timely application for determination letter to meet the
requirements of "GUST" (i.e., all the legislation referred to in IRS
Announcement 2001-77), and Franklin has taken or will take all actions
necessary to obtain the favorable IRS determination letter; (c) except as
listed in the Disclosure Schedule, such Qualified Benefit Plan has been
maintained in accordance with and continues to be in material compliance with
all qualification requirements of Section 401(a) of the Code; (d) such
Qualified Benefit Plan has been maintained in accordance with and continues
to be in substantial compliance with all notice, reporting and disclosure
requirements of ERISA and the Code; (e) any Qualified Benefit Plan which is
an ESOP as defined in Section 4975(e)(7) of the Code (an "ESOP Qualified
Benefit Plan") is in material compliance with the applicable qualification
requirements of Section 409 of the Code; (f) any Qualified Benefit Plan
terminated within the last five years was terminated in material
compliance with the requirements of ERISA and the Code, has received a
favorable determination letter therefor, and the liabilities of such
Qualified Benefit Plan and the requirements of the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation ("PBGC") were fully satisfied; and (g) any and all plan documents
and amendments to the Qualified Benefit Plans not covered by an IRS
determination letter should not adversely affect the qualified and tax exempt
status of such plans and there are no amendments that are required to
continue such tax exempt status.     4. General Plan Compliance. With
respect to each Benefit Plan, except as noted on the Disclosure Schedule: (a)
such Benefit Plan, if it is intended to provide favorable tax benefits to
plan participants, has been maintained and continues to be in material
compliance with applicable Code provisions; and (b) such Benefit Plan has
been and continues to be operated in substantial compliance with its terms
and all applicable laws, including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code,
and to the extent such Benefit Plan is a group health plan subject to the
requirements of Section 4980B of the Code ("COBRA") and/or the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended ("HIPAA"),
has been and continues to be operated in substantial compliance with such
COBRA and HIPAA requirements and (c) all payments due from Franklin or any of
the Franklin Subsidiaries to date with respect to each Benefit Plan have been
timely made.   5. Prohibited Transactions. No prohibited transaction under
Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Code and not exempt under Section 408 of
ERISA or 4975 of the Code has occurred with respect to any Benefit Plan which
would result, with respect to any person, in (a) the imposition, directly or
indirectly, of a material excise tax under Section 4975 of the Code or (b)
material fiduciary or other liability under Section 409 or 502(i) of
ERISA.   6. Lawsuits or Claims. No actions, suits or claims that
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Franklin
are pending or, to the Knowledge of Franklin, threatened against any Benefit
Plan or against Franklin or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries with respect to
any Benefit Plan.   7. Disclosure of Unfunded Liabilities. All material
Unfunded Liabilities (as defined below) with respect to each Benefit Plan
have been recorded and disclosed on the most recent financial statement of
Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries or, if not, in the Disclosure
Schedule. For purposes hereof, the term "Unfunded Liabilities" shall mean any
amounts properly accrued to date under GAAP in effect as of the date of this
Agreement, or amounts not yet accrued for GAAP purposes but for which an
obligation exists for payment in the future which is attributable to any
Benefit Plan, including but not limited to (a) severance pay benefits, (b)
deferred compensation or unpaid bonuses, (c) any liabilities on account of
the change in control which will result from this Agreement, including any
potential liabilities relating to excess parachute payments under Section
280G of the Code, (d) any unpaid pension contributions for the current plan
year, owed by Controlled Group Members (as defined below), (e) any authorized
but unpaid profit sharing contributions or contributions under Section 401(k)
and Section 401(m) of the Code, (f) retiree health benefit coverage, (g)
unpaid premiums for contributions required under any group health plan to
maintain such plan\'s coverage through the Effective Time, (h) bonuses, (i)
variable compensation, (j) contractual payments, (k) accruals and (l)
any other off balance sheet items relating to payments to employees,
former employees or directors.   8. Defined Benefit Pension Plan
Liabilities. Franklin, the Franklin Subsidiaries and any entity treated as a
single employer with Franklin and any of the Franklin Subsidiaries in
accordance with Section 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Code (hereinafter a
"Controlled Group Member") (or any pension plan maintained by any of them)
have not incurred any material liability to the PBGC or the IRS with respect
to any employee pension plan which is a defined benefit pension plan, except
for the payment of PBGC premiums pursuant to Section 4007 of ERISA, all of
which if due prior to the date of this Agreement have been fully paid, and no
PBGC reportable event under Section 4043 of ERISA has occurred with respect
to any such pension plan. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure
Schedule, the benefit liabilities, as defined in Section 4001(a)(16) of
ERISA, of each such employee pension plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, using
the actuarial assumptions that would be used by the PBGC in the event of
termination of such plan, do not exceed the fair market value of the assets
of such plan and no such plan which is subject to section 302 of ERISA
or section 412 of the Code has incurred any "accumulated funding deficiency"
(as defined in section 302 of ERISA and section 412 of the Code,
respectively), whether or not waived. Neither Franklin, any of the Franklin
Subsidiaries nor any Controlled Group Member participates in, or has incurred
any liability under Sections 4201, 4063 or 4064 of ERISA for a complete or
partial withdrawal from a multiple employer plan or a multi-employer plan (as
defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA). No employee, former employee, plan
participant or any other party (other than Franklin or the Franklin
Subsidiaries) has any entitlement (under the terms of any plan document or
otherwise) to any surplus assets in any Qualified Benefit Plan which is a
defined benefit plan as defined in Section 414(j) of the Code.     9.
Third Party Plans. Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries (a) have not
breached any duties assumed in connection with acting as an
independent trustee, custodian, agent, investment manager, investment advisor
or otherwise with respect to any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section
3(3) of ERISA) and have complied in all material respects with all applicable
law, except for any breach or non-compliance that could not give rise to any
material liability, (b) have not incurred any asserted or, to the Knowledge
of Franklin, unasserted material liability for breach of duties assumed in
connection with acting as an independent trustee, custodian, agent,
investment manager, investment advisor or otherwise with respect to any
employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), (c) have not
authorized nor knowingly participated in a material prohibited transaction
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code not exempt under
Section 408 of ERISA and (d) have not received notice of any material
actions, suits or claims (other than routine claims for benefits) pending or
threatened against the sponsor or any other fiduciary of any such plan or
against Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries.   10. Retiree Benefits.
Except as listed on the Disclosure Schedule and identified as "Retiree
Liability", Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries have no obligation to
provide health benefits, or life insurance benefits to or with respect to
retirees, former employees, individuals on disability or any of
their relatives, except for any continuation coverage provided in accordance
with COBRA.   11. Right to Amend and Terminate. Either Franklin or a
Franklin Subsidiary has all power and authority necessary to amend or
terminate each Benefit Plan without incurring any penalty or liability
provided that, in the case of an employee pension benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA), benefits accrued as of the date of amendment or
termination are not reduced.   12. Consummation of Transactions. Except as
set forth in the Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (alone or together with any other event which,
standing alone, would not by itself trigger such entitlement or acceleration)
will not (i) entitle any person to any benefit under any Benefit Plan, (ii)
accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the amount, of any
compensation due to any person under any Plan or (iii) result in the payment
of any "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Code or any other
payment that is not deductible for any reason by the Franklin or any of the
Franklin Subsidiaries or their successors.   13. Labor. Neither Franklin nor
any Franklin Subsidiary is a party to any collective bargaining agreements.
There are no labor unions or other organizations representing, purporting to
represent or attempting to represent, any employee of Franklin or the
Franklin Subsidiaries.   14. Independent Contractors. Neither Franklin nor
any Franklin Subsidiary has any material liability, whether absolute or
contingent, including any obligation under any employee benefit plans with
respect to any misclassification of a person as an independent contractor
rather than as an employee and no individual has been treated by the Company
or any subsidiary of the Company as a "leased employee" (within the meaning
of Section 414(n) of the Code).  Q. Investment Portfolio. The investment
portfolios of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries consist in all material
respects of securities in marketable form. Since December 31, 2001 to the
date hereof neither Franklin nor any Franklin Subsidiary has incurred any
material and unusual or extraordinary losses in its investment portfolio,
and, except for matters of general application to the banking industry
(including, but not limited to, changes in laws or regulations or GAAP) or
for events relating to the business environment in general, including market
fluctuations and changes in interest rates, Franklin is not aware of any
events which are reasonably certain to occur in the future and which
reasonably can be expected to result in any material adverse change in
the quality or performance of Franklin\'s and the Franklin Subsidiaries\'
investment portfolio on a consolidated basis.  R. Derivative Instruments.
All swaps, caps, floors, futures, forward contracts, option agreements, and
any other derivative financial instruments, contracts or arrangements,
whether entered into for Franklin\'s own account, or by Franklin for the
account of one or more of the Franklin Subsidiaries or for their respective
customers, were entered into (i) in the ordinary course of business, (ii) in
accordance with prudent banking practices and all applicable laws, rules,
regulations and regulatory policies and (iii) with counter-parties reasonably
believed by    Franklin to be financially responsible at the time; and
each of them constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Franklin
or one of the Franklin Subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with its terms
(except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws
of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors\' rights or by
general equity principles), and are in full force and effect (except to the
extent that they have been fully performed or terminated) in all respects
material to Franklin. Franklin and each of the Franklin Subsidiaries have
duly performed in all material respects all of their obligations thereunder
to the extent that such obligations to perform have accrued, and, to
Franklin\'s Knowledge, there are no material breaches, violations or defaults
or allegations or assertions of such by any party thereunder.  S. Fairness
Opinion. On or before the date hereof, Trident Securities, a division of
McDonald Investments, Inc., has delivered its opinion to Franklin\'s Board of
Directors that the consideration to be received by the shareholders
of Franklin pursuant to this Agreement is fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of the Franklin Common Stock, a true and correct form of
which has been delivered to Fifth Third.  T. Transactions with Affiliates.
Except as disclosed in the Franklin Reports filed prior to the date hereof,
from January 1, 2001 through the date hereof there have been no transactions,
agreements, arrangements or understandings between Franklin or any of the
Franklin Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Franklin\'s affiliates (other
than wholly-owned subsidiaries of Franklin) or other persons, on the other
hand, that would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act.  U. Expiration of Representations and Warranties.
All representations and warranties contained in this Article II shall expire
at the Effective Time, and, thereafter, Franklin shall have no further
liability or obligations with respect thereto.  V. Anti-Takeover
Provisions. No dissenters\' rights, control share acquisition or similar
anti-takeover statute enacted under the laws of the State of
Tennessee applies to the Merger or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  W. No Untrue Statements. Neither this Agreement nor any report,
statement, list, certificate or other information furnished by Franklin or
the Franklin Subsidiaries to Fifth Third or its agents in connection with
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby contains or
shall contain an untrue statement of material fact or omits or shall omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein and necessary to make the
statements contained herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they are made, not misleading.  X. Employment, Severance and Change
in Control Agreements. The Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) each employment
or severance agreement to which Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary is party
and (ii) each other agreement pursuant to which Franklin, a Franklin
Subsidiary or Fifth Third will be obligated to make any payment as a result
of the change of control of Franklin effected by the Merger.   Article III.
Representations and Warranties of  Fifth Third and Fifth Third
Financial  Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial, each jointly and
severally, represents and warrants to Franklin that as of the date hereof or
as of the indicated date, as appropriate:  A. Organization. Each of Fifth
Third and Fifth Third Financial is duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing as a corporation under the OGCL, is a registered financial
services holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended, and is duly authorized to conduct the business in which it is
engaged.  B. Capitalization. 1. Pursuant to Fifth Third\'s Second Amended
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, the total number of shares of capital
stock Fifth Third is authorized to have outstanding is 1,300,500,000, of
which    1,300,000,000 shares are classified as Common Stock, without par
value, and 500,000 shares are classified as Preferred Stock, without par
value, of which 7,250 shares are designated, issued and outstanding as Series
D Perpetual Preferred Stock $1,000 stated value per share, and 2000 shares
are designated, issued and outstanding as Series E Perpetual Preferred Stock,
$1,000 stated value per share. As of the close of business on June 30, 2002,
580,985,828 shares of Fifth Third Common Stock were issued and outstanding
and 2,441,276 shares were held in its treasury. Fifth Third does not have
outstanding any stock options, subscription rights, warrants or other
securities entitling the holders to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
its capital stock other than options granted and to be granted to employees
and Directors under its stock option plans or shares to be issued or
purchased by employees or shareholders under its deferred compensation,
dividend reinvestment, and stock purchase plans. At June 30, 2002, 40,225,173
shares of Fifth Third Common Stock were reserved for issuance in connection
with outstanding options granted under its stock option plans and 10,013,255
shares were reserved for issuance under options to be granted in the
future.   2. The authorized capital stock of Fifth Third Financial consists
of 800 shares of common stock, of which, as of the date of this Agreement,
100 shares were issued and outstanding and all such 100 shares were
beneficially owned by Fifth Third.  C. Due Issuance. All shares of Fifth
Third Common Stock to be received by the shareholders of Franklin as a result
of the Merger pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be, upon transfer
or issuance, duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will
not, upon such transfer or issuance, be subject to the preemptive rights of
any shareholder of Fifth Third.  D. Financial Statements. 1. Fifth Third has
previously furnished to Franklin its audited, consolidated balance sheet,
statement of operations and statement of shareholders\' equity and cash flows
as of and at December 31, 2001, and for the year then ended, together with
the opinion of its independent certified public accountants associated
therewith. Fifth Third has also furnished to Franklin its unaudited,
consolidated condensed financial statements as at March 31, 2002 and June 30,
2002, and for the periods then ended. Such audited and unaudited consolidated
financial statements of Fifth Third fairly present the consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of Fifth Third as of the date
thereof and for the year covered thereby, in conformity with
GAAP, consistently applied (except as stated therein and except for the
omission of notes to unaudited statements and except for normal (in nature
and amount) year-end adjustments to interim results). There are no material
liabilities, obligations or indebtedness of Fifth Third or any of its
subsidiaries required to be disclosed in the financial statements (or in the
footnotes to the financial statements) so furnished other than the
liabilities, obligations or indebtedness disclosed in such financial
statements (including footnotes). Since June 30, 2002, Fifth Third and its
subsidiaries have not incurred any liabilities outside the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.   2. The financial statements of
Fifth Third to be provided to Franklin pursuant to Section V.D.4. hereof will
fairly present, as applicable, the consolidated financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of Fifth Third as of the dates thereof, and for
the periods covered thereby, in conformity with GAAP, consistently applied
(except as stated therein and except for the omission of notes to unaudited
statements and except for normal (in nature and amount) year-end adjustments
to interim results).  E. No Material Adverse Effect. Since June 30, 2002, no
event has occurred and no fact or circumstance shall have come to exist or
come to be known which, directly or indirectly, individually or taken
together with all other facts, circumstances and events (described in any
paragraph of this Article III or otherwise), has had, or is reasonably likely
to have, a Material Adverse Effect with respect to Fifth Third.  F. Board
Approval; Corporate Authority; No Breach. 1. The Executive Committee of the
Board of Directors of Fifth Third, by resolution adopted by the
members present at a meeting duly called and held, at which meeting a quorum
was at all times present and acting, has approved this Agreement, including
reserving for issuance to Franklin shareholders in accordance with this
Agreement, a sufficient number of shares of Fifth Third Common Stock. The
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of Fifth Third is empowered to
act in these matters for the full Board of Directors of Fifth Third under
Ohio law and the Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations of Fifth
Third. Approval and adoption of this Agreement by the shareholders of Fifth
Third is not required under Ohio law or under the Articles of Incorporation
or Code of Regulations of Fifth Third. Approval and adoption of    this
Agreement by the shareholder of Fifth Third Financial is not required under
Ohio law or under the Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations
of Fifth Third Financial. The directors of Fifth Third Financial have duly
and validly approved and adopted this Agreement.   2. Each of Fifth Third
and Fifth Third Financial has corporate power and authority to enter into
this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder subject to certain
required regulatory approvals. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each of Fifth
Third and Fifth Third Financial, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except to the extent that (i) enforceability hereof may be limited by
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, bankruptcy, readjustment of debt or
other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and (ii) the availability of certain remedies
may be precluded by general principles of equity.   3. Neither the
execution of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, does or will (i) conflict with, result in a breach of,
violate or constitute a default under, either Fifth Third\'s or Fifth Third
Financial\'s Articles of Incorporation, or Code of Regulations or, to
the Knowledge of Fifth Third, any federal, foreign, state or local law,
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation or court or administrative order, or any
agreement, arrangement, or commitment to which Fifth Third or Fifth Third
Financial is subject or bound; (ii) to the Knowledge of Fifth Third, result
in the creation of or give any person the right to create any material lien,
charge, encumbrance, security agreement or any other material rights of
others or other material adverse interest upon any material right, property
or asset belonging to Fifth Third or any of its subsidiaries; (iii) terminate
or give any person the right to terminate, amend, abandon, or refuse to
perform any material agreement, arrangement or commitment to which Fifth
Third or Fifth Third Financial is a party or by which Fifth Third\'s or Fifth
Third Financial\'s rights, properties or assets are subject or bound; or (iv)
accelerate or modify, or give any party thereto the right to accelerate or
modify, the time within which, or the terms according to which, Fifth Third
or Fifth Third Financial is to perform any duties or obligations or receive
any rights or benefits under any material agreement, arrangements or
commitments.   4. As of the date hereof, Fifth Third is not aware of the
existence of any factor that would materially delay or materially hinder
issuance of any of the required regulatory approvals necessary to consummate
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.  G. Articles and
Regulations. Complete and accurate copies of (i) the Articles
of Incorporation, and (ii) the Code of Regulations of each of Fifth Third and
Fifth Third Financial in force as of the date hereof have been delivered to
Franklin.  H. Compliance with Law. To the Knowledge of Fifth Third and
except as disclosed by Fifth Third to Franklin, neither Fifth Third nor any
of its subsidiaries has knowingly engaged in any activity or omitted to take
any action which, in any material way, has resulted or could result in the
violation of (i) any local, state or federal law (including without
limitation the Bank Secrecy Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, applicable
consumer protection and disclosure laws and regulations, including without
limitation, Truth in Lending, Truth in Savings and similar disclosure laws
and regulations, and equal employment and employment discrimination laws and
regulations) or (ii) any regulation, order, injunction or decree of any court
or governmental body, the violation of either of which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Fifth Third. To the Knowledge
of Fifth Third, Fifth Third and its subsidiaries possess all licenses,
franchises, permits and other governmental authorizations necessary for the
continued conduct of their businesses without material interference or
interruption.  I. SEC Filings; Regulatory Reports. 1. Fifth Third has made
available to Franklin an accurate and complete copy (including all exhibits
and all documents incorporated by reference) of each of the following
documents as filed by Fifth Third with the SEC: (a) each final registration
statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy statement filed
since January 1, 2000 by Fifth Third with the SEC, pursuant to the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, and (b) each communication mailed by Fifth Third to
its stockholders since January 1, 2000. Since January 1, 2000, Fifth Third
has timely filed (and will timely file after the date of this Agreement) all
reports and other documents required to be filed by it under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, and, as of their respective dates, all such reports
complied (and, in the case of all reports and other documents filed after the
date of this Agreement,    will comply) in all material respects with the
published rules and regulations of the SEC. As of the date of filing or
mailing, as the case may be, no such registration statement, prospectus,
report, schedule, proxy statement or communication contained (and no
registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule, proxy statement or
communication filed or mailed after the date of this Agreement will contain)
any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading, except that information as of a later date (but filed before the
date hereof) shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date, or
omitted any material exhibit required to be filed therewith. No event has
occurred subsequent to June 30, 2002 which Fifth Third is required
to describe in a Current Report on Form 8-K other than the Current
Reports heretofore furnished by Fifth Third to Franklin.   2. Fifth Third
and its subsidiaries have filed all material reports, registrations and
statements, together with any amendments required to be made with respect
thereto, that they were required to file since January 1, 2000 with any SRO
and any other Regulatory Agencies, and all other material
reports, registrations and statements required to be filed by them since
January 1, 2000, including, without limitation, any material report or
statement required to be filed pursuant to the laws, rules or regulations of
the United States, any state, or any Regulatory Agency, and have paid all
fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith. Except for
normal examinations conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the regular course of
the business of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries, and except as disclosed by
Fifth Third to Franklin, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding
or, to the Knowledge of Fifth Third, investigation into the business or
operations of Fifth Third or its subsidiaries since January 1, 2000. To the
Knowledge of Fifth Third and except as disclosed by Fifth Third to Franklin,
there is no unresolved violation, or material criticism or exception, by any
bank Regulatory Agency with respect to any report, registration or statement
relating to any examinations of Fifth Third or its subsidiaries.  J.
Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, investigations
or assessments of any kind pending or, to the Knowledge of Fifth Third,
threatened against Fifth Third or any Fifth Third subsidiary, which
reasonably can be expected to result in any material adverse change in the
consolidated financial condition, operations or business of Fifth Third, or
reasonably likely to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  K. Loan Losses. Since June 30, 2002 to the
date hereof, none of Fifth Third\'s banking subsidiaries has incurred any
unusual or extraordinary loan losses which would be material to Fifth Third
on a consolidated basis; and to the Knowledge of Fifth Third, and in the
light of any banking subsidiary\'s historical loan loss experience and their
managements\' analysis of the quality and performance of their respective
loan portfolios, as of June 30, 2002, their consolidated reserves for loan
losses are adequate to absorb potential loan losses determined on the basis
of management\'s continuing review and evaluation of the loan portfolio and
its judgment as to the impact of economic conditions on the portfolio.  L.
Tax Returns. Fifth Third and its subsidiaries have timely filed all
federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed (after giving
effect to all extensions) by them, respectively, and have paid or provided
for all tax liabilities shown to be due thereon or which have been assessed
against them, respectively. All tax returns filed by Fifth Third and its
subsidiaries are complete and accurate in all material respects.  M.
Broker. Fifth Third has no direct or indirect commitment to any
investment banker, broker or finder in connection with this transaction and
has not incurred and will not incur any obligation for any investment
banker\'s, broker\'s or finder\'s fee or commission in connection with the
transactions provided for in this Agreement.  N. Investment Portfolio. The
investment portfolios of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries and affiliates
consist in all material respects of securities in marketable form. Since June
30, 2002 to the date hereof Fifth Third and its subsidiaries, on a
consolidated basis, have not incurred any material and unusual or
extraordinary losses in their respective investment portfolios, and, except
for matters of general application to the banking industry (including, but
not limited to, changes in laws or regulations or GAAP) or for
events relating to the business environment in general, including market
fluctuations and changes in interest rates, the management of Fifth Third is
not aware of any events which are reasonably certain to occur in the future
and which reasonably can be expected to result in any material adverse change
in the quality or performance of the investment portfolios of Fifth Third and
its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.    O. Taxes. Fifth Third has no
reason to believe that any conditions exist that might prevent or impede the
Merger from qualifying as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.  P. Expiration of Representations and Warranties. All
representations and warranties contained in this Article III shall expire at
the Effective Time, and thereafter, neither Fifth Third nor Fifth Third
Financial shall have any further liability or obligation with respect
thereto.  Q. No Untrue Statements. Neither this Agreement nor any report,
statement, list, certificate or other information furnished by Fifth Third or
its subsidiaries to Franklin or its agents in connection with this Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated hereby contains or shall contain an
untrue statement of material fact or omits or shall omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein and necessary to make the statements
contained herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are
made, not misleading.    Article IV. Obligations of Franklin Between the
Date of this Agreement  and the Effective Time.  A. Shareholders\' Meeting.
Franklin, in consultation with Fifth Third, will take all actions necessary
to call and hold an annual or a special meeting of Franklin\'s shareholders
as soon as practicable after the Fifth Third registration statement relating
to the shares of Fifth Third Common Stock to be issued in the Merger has been
declared effective by the SEC and under all applicable state securities laws
for the purpose of approving the Merger (and any other documents or actions
necessary to the consummation of the Merger) pursuant to law. Franklin shall
state in the proxy materials relating to the annual or special meeting that
all Directors of Franklin have indicated their intent to vote all shares of
Franklin Common Stock which they own of record in favor of approving this
Agreement and any such other necessary documents or actions, and shall
include the recommendation of the Board of Directors of Franklin that the
Franklin shareholders vote in favor of approving this Agreement and any other
necessary documents or actions, except as provided in the next sentence. The
Board of Directors of Franklin shall be permitted to withdraw or modify in a
manner adverse to Fifth Third (or not to continue to make) its recommendation
to its shareholders if, but only if, (a) in the reasonable opinion of the
Board of Directors of Franklin upon the advice of its outside counsel, such
action is required in order for the Board of Directors of Franklin to comply
with duties applicable to directors under applicable law, (b) Franklin has
given Fifth Third five business days\' prior notice of its intention to
withdraw or modify such recommendation and Franklin\'s Board of Directors has
considered any proposed changes to this Agreement (if any) proposed by Fifth
Third prior to the end of such five day period, and (c) Franklin has fully
and completely complied with Section IV.B. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Franklin agrees that its obligations pursuant to the first
sentence of this Section IV.A. shall not be altered by the commencement,
public proposal, public disclosure or communication to Franklin of any
Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) or a decision by the Board
of Directors of Franklin to withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Fifth
Third (or not to continue to make) its recommendation to its stockholders to
approve the Merger and the plan of merger contained in this Agreement.  B.
No Solicitation. Franklin and its subsidiaries, and the officers,
directors, financial or legal advisors of Franklin and its subsidiaries, will
not, directly or indirectly, (a) take any action to solicit, initiate or
encourage any Acquisition Proposal or (b) engage in negotiations with, or
disclose any nonpublic information relating to Franklin or any of its
subsidiaries or afford access to the properties, books or records of Franklin
or any of its subsidiaries to, any person that may be considering making, or
has made, an Acquisition Proposal; provided that Franklin may receive and,
only to the extent necessary to become adequately informed of the terms
thereof, engage in discussions (but not disclose information or engage in
negotiations) regarding an unsolicited written proposal from a third party
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal if (i) in the reasonable opinion of
the Board of Directors of Franklin upon the advice of its outside counsel,
such action is required for the Board of Directors of Franklin to comply with
the duties applicable to directors under applicable law and (ii) Franklin has
received from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement with
terms not materially less favorable to Franklin than those contained in the
confidentiality agreement entered into between Franklin and Fifth Third dated
June 15, 2002. Franklin will    immediately notify Fifth Third orally and
will promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after the relevant event)
notify Fifth Third in writing (which oral and written notices shall identify
the person making the Acquisition Proposal or request for information and set
forth the material terms thereof) after having received any Acquisition
Proposal or request or inquiry relating to a prospective Acquisition
Proposal. Franklin will keep Fifth Third fully and currently informed of the
status and details of any such Acquisition Proposal, request or inquiry and
any related discussions or negotiations. Franklin shall, and shall cause the
Franklin Subsidiaries and its and their directors, officers and financial and
legal advisors to, cease immediately and cause to be terminated all
activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any persons conducted
heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Nothing in this Section
IV.B. shall prohibit Franklin or its Board of Directors from taking
and disclosing to the stockholders of Franklin a position with respect to
an Acquisition Proposal by a third party to the extent required under the
Exchange Act or from making such disclosure to the stockholders of Franklin
which, in the reasonable opinion of the Board of Directors of Franklin upon
the advice of its outside counsel, is required under applicable law; provided
that nothing in this sentence shall affect the obligations of Franklin and
its Board of Directors under any other provision of this Agreement. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or
proposal for, or any indication of interest in (a) a purchase or other
acquisition (including by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange or
otherwise) of beneficial ownership (the term "beneficial ownership" for
purposes of this Agreement having the meaning assigned thereto in Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder) of
securities representing 10% or more of the voting power of Franklin or more
than 25% of any Significant Subsidiary of Franklin, (b) a purchase, lease or
other acquisition or assumption of all or a substantial portion of the assets
or deposits of Franklin or all or a substantial portion of the assets or
deposits of any Significant Subsidiary of Franklin, (c) a merger or
consolidation, or any similar transaction, involving Franklin or
any Significant Subsidiary of Franklin, or (d) any substantially
similar transaction.  C. Valuation Reserve Adjustment. Consistent with
GAAP, Franklin agrees that on or before the Effective Time based on a review
of the Franklin Subsidiaries\' loan losses, current classified assets and
commercial, multi-family and residential mortgage loans and investment
portfolio, Franklin will work with Fifth Third with the goal of establishing
collection procedures, internal valuation reviews, credit policies and
practices and general valuation allowances which are consistent with the
guidelines used within the Fifth Third holding company system, provided that
no adjustment to general valuation allowances or reserves shall be made until
immediately prior to the Effective Time and all conditions precedent to the
obligations of the parties hereto have either been satisfied or waived as
confirmed by such parties in writing. Fifth Third shall provide such
assistance and direction to Franklin as is necessary in conforming to such
policies, practices, procedures and asset dispositions which are mutually
agreeable between the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time.  D.
Operations in the Ordinary Course; Forbearances. From the date of
this Agreement until the Effective Time, Franklin and the Franklin
Subsidiaries will be operated in the ordinary course of business, and none of
them will, without the prior written consent of Fifth Third, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or unreasonably delayed: make any changes
in its Charter, By-laws, or corporate structures; issue any additional shares
of Franklin Common Stock, share appreciation rights, restricted stock,
options or other equity securities other than pursuant to the exercise of
options granted prior to June 30, 2002, in the form of permissible stock
dividends (as described below) or as set forth in Section II.A.1. with
respect to Franklin\'s 2000 Stock Purchase Plan; or issue as borrower any
long term debt or convertible or other securities of any kind, or right to
acquire any of its securities; repurchase any equity securities, other than
(subject to Section VII.H.) the repurchase of shares of Franklin Common Stock
in accordance with past practice (as to timing and amount) and in compliance
with applicable law and the safe harbor requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the
Exchange Act; make any material changes in its method of business operations;
make, enter into any agreement to make, or become obligated to make, any
capital expenditures in excess of $50,000 (except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule); make, enter into or renew any agreement for
services to be provided to Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries or permit
the automatic renewal of any such agreement, other than the agreements
identified in the Disclosure Schedule which are specifically identified on
such Schedule as agreements which Franklin intends to renew, except any
agreement for services having a term of not more than twelve months and
requiring the expenditure of not more than $50,000 (for this purpose the
phrase "permit the automatic renewal" includes the failure to send a notice
of termination of such contract if such failure would constitute a renewal);
acquire, become obligated to acquire, or enter into any agreement to acquire,
any banking or non-banking company or any branch offices of any such
companies or any material assets or liabilities outside the ordinary course
of business, other than such agreements existing on the date hereof and
previously publicly    announced or disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule;
make, declare, pay or set aside for payment any cash dividends on its own
stock other than normal and customary cash dividends per quarter paid in such
amounts and at such times as Franklin historically has done on its Common
Stock and which shall not exceed $0.055 per share, or be paid more frequently
than once per calendar quarter, provided this covenant shall only apply to
Franklin; make any other distributions on its stock; except as set forth in
the Disclosure Schedule, change or otherwise amend any Benefit Plans other
than as required by law or as contemplated herein (including but not limited
to Section V.E.5. hereof); provide any increases in employee salaries or
benefits other than in the ordinary course of business or as set forth in the
Disclosure Schedule; or take any intentional action that is intended or may
reasonably be expected to result in any of its representations and warranties
set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any material respect
at any time prior to the Effective Time, or in any of the conditions to the
Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied or in a violation of any
provision of this Agreement; or engage in any transaction with any employee
or shareholder, except, in every case, as required by applicable law,
regulation or safe and sound banking practices. Franklin agrees that it will
not sell, transfer, mortgage or otherwise dispose of or encumber any of the
shares of the capital stock of the Franklin Subsidiaries which are now owned
by it, and neither Franklin nor any of the Franklin Subsidiaries shall sell,
transfer, mortgage or otherwise dispose of or encumber any other assets,
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.
Franklin agrees that neither it nor the Franklin Subsidiaries will agree to,
or make any commitment to, take any of the actions prohibited by this Section
IV.D.  E. Filings. Franklin will timely file after the date of this
Agreement all reports and other documents required to be filed by it under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and, as of their respective dates,
all such reports will comply in all material respects with the published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. As of the date of
filing or mailing, as the case may be, no such registration statement,
prospectus, report, schedule, proxy statement or communication filed or
mailed after the date of this Agreement will contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an
earlier date, or omitted any material exhibit required to be filed therewith.
Franklin shall furnish Fifth Third in a timely manner with copies of all
reports filed by Franklin with the SEC subsequent to the date of
this Agreement and until the Closing Date.   Article V. Cooperation and
Other Obligations and Other Covenants  A. Registration Statement and Proxy
Statement. 1. Each of Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial and Franklin agree
to cooperate in the preparation of a registration statement on Form S-4 (the
"Registration Statement") to be filed by Fifth Third with the SEC in
connection with the issuance of Fifth Third Common Stock in the Merger
(including the proxy statement and prospectus and other proxy solicitation
materials of Franklin constituting a part thereof (the "Proxy Statement") and
all related documents). The Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement
shall comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial and
Franklin agree to each use their best efforts to enable Fifth Third to file
the Registration Statement with the SEC within sixty (60) days of the date
hereof and Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial agree to furnish the
Registration Statement in draft form for comments to Franklin at least ten
calendar days prior to the anticipated filing. Each party hereto shall, as
promptly as practicable after receipt thereof, provide copies of any written
comments received from the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement to
the other party hereto, and advise the other party hereto of any oral
comments with respect to the Registration Statement received from the SEC.
Each of Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial and Franklin agrees to use
reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as reasonably practicable
after filing thereof. As promptly as possible after the Registration
Statement is declared effective, Franklin agrees to mail the Proxy Statement
to its shareholders in accordance with the directions and under
the supervision of Fifth Third. Fifth Third also agrees to use reasonable
best efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky"
permits and approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated by
the Agreement. Franklin agrees to furnish to Fifth Third all information
concerning Franklin, its Subsidiaries, officers, directors and stockholders
as may be reasonably requested in connection with the foregoing.   2. Each
of Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial and Franklin agrees, as to itself and
its subsidiaries, that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by
it for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration
Statement will, at the time the Registration Statement and each amendment or
supplement thereto, if    any, becomes effective under the Securities Act,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading and (ii) the Proxy Statement and any amendment or
supplement thereto will, at the date of mailing to shareholders and at the
time of the Franklin shareholder meeting to approve the Merger, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.   3.
Fifth Third agrees to advise Franklin, promptly after Fifth Third receives
notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has
become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the
issuance of any stop order or the suspension of the qualification of the
Fifth Third Common Stock for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the
initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any
request by the SEC for the amendment or supplement of the Registration
Statement or for additional information. Franklin agrees to advise Fifth
Third of any request by the SEC for the amendment or supplement of the Proxy
Statement or for additional information.  B. Regulatory Approvals. 1. Fifth
Third will prepare and cause to be filed, at the expense of Fifth Third, such
notices, applications and other documents with the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Ohio
Division of Financial Institutions, the OCC, and any other Regulatory
Agencies or stock exchanges as are required to secure the requisite approvals
for the consummation of the transactions provided for in this Agreement.
Fifth Third shall use its reasonable best efforts to file all such
applications within sixty (60) days of the date of this Agreement and to use
all reasonable efforts to secure all such approvals. Franklin agrees that
it will cooperate with Fifth Third and, as promptly as practicable after
request and at its own expense, provide Fifth Third with all information and
documents concerning Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries, as shall be
required in connection with preparing such notices, applications and other
documents and in connection with securing such approvals.   2. Fifth Third
and Franklin shall promptly advise each other upon receiving any
communication from any governmental entity whose consent or approval is
required for consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.  C. Reasonable Best Efforts. Each of the parties hereto
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts and to cooperate with the other
party in all reasonable respects in order to carry out and consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement at the earliest practicable time
including, without limitation, the filing of applications, notices and other
documents with, and obtaining approval from, appropriate governmental
regulatory agencies; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall obligate
Fifth Third or Fifth Third Financial to agree to any conditions, restraints
or requirements that would materially adversely reduce the anticipated
economic or business benefits of the Merger to Fifth Third or Fifth Third
Financial or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on Franklin (a "Burdensome Condition").  D. Access to Information. 1.
Franklin agrees to permit Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial, and each of
their officers, employees, accountants, agents and attorneys, and Fifth Third
agrees to permit Franklin, its officers, employees, accountants, agents and
attorneys, to have reasonable access during business hours to their
respective books, records and properties, and those of its respective
subsidiaries as well, for the purpose of making a detailed examination, or
updating and amplifying prior examinations, of the financial condition,
assets, liabilities, legal compliance, affairs and the conduct of
the business of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries or Fifth Third and
its subsidiaries, as the case may be, prior to the Effective Time, and also
to permit the monitoring of the foregoing on an ongoing basis (such rights
of examination and monitoring to be subject to the confidentiality
obligations set forth in Section V.D.2. hereof); provided, however, no
investigation by any of the parties or their respective representatives shall
affect the representations and warranties of the other party set forth
herein.   2. Fifth Third will not disclose to others, shall not use in
respect of its (or any of its subsidiaries\') business operations, and will
hold in confidence any non-public, confidential information disclosed to it
by Franklin concerning Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries. Franklin will
not disclose to others, shall not use in respect of its (or any of its
subsidiaries\') business operations, and will hold in confidence any non-
public, confidential information    disclosed to it concerning Fifth Third
or any of its affiliates. In the event the Merger is not completed, all non-
public financial statements, documents and materials, and all copies thereof,
shall be returned to Franklin or Fifth Third, as the case may be, and shall
not be used by Fifth Third or Franklin, as the case may be, in any way
detrimental to Franklin or Fifth Third.   3. As soon as they are available,
Franklin will provide to Fifth Third Franklin\'s unaudited, consolidated
balance sheets, statements of operations and statements of stockholders\'
equity and cash flows for monthly and quarterly periods until the Closing
Date.   4. As soon as they are available, Fifth Third will provide to
Franklin Fifth Third\'s unaudited, consolidated balance sheets, statements of
operations and statements of stockholders\' equity and cash flows for monthly
and quarterly periods until the Closing Date. Fifth Third timely shall
furnish Franklin with copies of all reports filed by Fifth Third with the SEC
subsequent to the date of this Agreement and until the Closing Date.  E.
Employee Benefit Matters. 1. If Fifth Third so requests, Franklin or
the Franklin Subsidiaries shall develop a plan and timetable for terminating
any or all of the Qualified Benefit Plans, and, with the advance written
approval of Fifth Third, shall proceed with the implementation of said
termination plan and timetable; provided that such terminations of any
Qualified Benefit Plans will not adversely affect qualification of such
Qualified Benefit Plans under the Code.   2. Franklin or the Franklin
Subsidiaries shall provide to Fifth Third at least sixty (60) days prior to
the Effective Time, documentation reasonably satisfactory to Fifth Third
demonstrating that the requirements of Sections 401(a)(4), 404, 410(b), 411,
412, 415, 416, 401(k) and (m) of the Code have been satisfied by all of its
Qualified Benefit Plans for the 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 plan years.   3.
Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries shall provide to Fifth Third at least
sixty (60) days prior to the Effective Time, documentation
reasonably satisfactory to Fifth Third with respect to any Benefit Plan
(including any Predecessor Plan) that was merged, terminated or frozen since
January 1, 1998, demonstrating that all legal requirements pertaining to such
merger, termination or freeze have been satisfied.   4. If Fifth Third so
requests, Franklin or the Franklin Subsidiaries shall take all actions
necessary to file an application for determination letter with the Internal
Revenue Service prior to the Effective Time, for any Qualified Benefit Plan
requested by Fifth Third.   5. With respect to any Benefit Plan that
provides for vesting of benefits, there shall be no discretionary
acceleration of vesting without Fifth Third\'s consent whether or not such
discretionary acceleration of vesting is provided under the terms of the
Benefit Plan; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, Franklin may in its sole discretion accelerate
the exercisability of any or all options to acquire Franklin Common Stock
issued and outstanding as of June 1, 2002, with such acceleration to be
effective, if at all, immediately prior to the Effective Time.   6. If
Fifth Third so requests, Franklin or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries shall
take all actions necessary to freeze any or all Qualified Benefit Plans as of
a date not earlier than one day prior to the Effective Time such that no
further contributions (including employee 401(k) contributions) shall be made
and no further benefits shall accrue under such Qualified Benefit Plans after
such freeze date.   7. Except as provided otherwise pursuant hereto,
Franklin and any of the Franklin Subsidiaries, without the advance written
consent of Fifth Third, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed,
shall not (a) adopt any amendments to the Qualified Benefit Plans after the
date of this Agreement; or (b) make any distributions from the Qualified
Benefit Plans after the date of this Agreement other than in the ordinary
course of operations of such Qualified Benefit Plans; or (c) make any
contributions to the defined benefit plans maintained by Franklin or
discretionary contributions to any of the Qualified Benefit Plans after the
date of this Agreement; or (d) take any action which would reduce or restrict
the availability of surplus (excess of plan assets over plan liabilities)
under any defined benefit plan as defined in Section 414(j) of the
Code.     8. Franklin shall provide to Fifth Third at least sixty (60)
days prior to the Effective Time, documentation reasonably satisfactory to
Fifth Third demonstrating that it has all power and authority necessary to
amend and/or terminate any plan providing retiree medical or life insurance
coverage, thereby reducing or eliminating future liability.  F. State
Takeover Statutes. Franklin will take all steps within its reasonable control
necessary to exempt (or continue the exemption of) the Merger, this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby) from any applicable state takeover
law, as now or hereafter in effect.  G. Affiliates. Not later than the 15th
day prior to the mailing of Franklin\'s Proxy Statement with respect to the
Merger, Franklin shall deliver to Fifth Third a list of each person that, to
Franklin\'s Knowledge, is or is reasonably likely to be, as of the date of
the annual or special meeting called to approve the Merger, deemed an
"affiliate" of it as that term is used in Rule 145 under the Securities Act,
or SEC Accounting Series Releases 130 and 135 (the "Franklin Affiliates").
Franklin shall use its best efforts to cause each Franklin Affiliate to
execute and deliver to Fifth Third on or before the mailing of such Proxy
Statement an agreement in the form of Appendix A hereto.  H. Forbearances of
Fifth Third. From the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, Fifth
Third will not, without the prior written consent of Franklin, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or unreasonably delayed: make any changes
in its Second Amended Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations in a
manner adverse to the shareholders of Franklin; make, declare, pay or set
aside for payment any extraordinary cash dividends on its own stock; or agree
to, or make any commitment to, take any of the actions prohibited by this
Section V. H.  I. Coordination of Dividends. Fifth Third and Franklin shall
coordinate the timing of the declaration and payment of dividends payable
after the date hereof so that Fifth Third and Franklin shareholders will
receive during each quarter fair dividends and in no event shall Fifth Third
or Franklin shareholders fail to receive a fair dividend, or receive more
than one fair dividend, during any quarter up to and including the quarter
immediately following the quarter during which the Effective Time
occurs.  J. Exemption From Liability Under Section 16(b). Assuming that
Franklin delivers to Fifth Third the Section 16 Information in a timely
fashion prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Fifth Third,
or a committee of Non-Employee Directors thereof (as such term is defined for
purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act), shall reasonably promptly
thereafter and in any event prior to the Effective Time adopt a resolution,
expressly relying on Franklin\'s representation that any such options or
other grants were upon their issuance exempt from liability pursuant to
Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act, providing that the receipt by the
Franklin Insiders of Fifth Third Common Stock in exchange for shares of
Franklin Common Stock, and of options to purchase shares of Fifth Third
Common Stock upon conversion of options to purchase shares of Franklin Common
Stock, in each case pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby and to
the extent such securities are listed in the Section 16 Information, are
intended to be exempt from liability pursuant to Section 16(b) under the
Exchange Act; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of Fifth Third
will be under no obligation to adopt such a resolution unless it
may expressly rely on a written representation by Franklin that any such
options or other grants were, upon their issuance, exempt from liability
pursuant to Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act. "Section 16 Information"
shall mean information accurate in all respects regarding the Franklin
Insiders, the number of shares of Franklin Common Stock held by each such
Franklin Insider and expected to be exchanged for Fifth Third Common Stock in
the Merger, and the number and description of the options to purchase shares
of Franklin Common Stock held by each such Franklin Insider and expected to
be converted into options to purchase shares of Fifth Third Common Stock in
connection with the Merger. " Franklin Insiders" shall mean those officers
and directors of Franklin who are subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and who are listed in the Section 16
Information.  K. Directors of Bank Subsidiary. Prior to the Effective Time,
Fifth Third shall determine and communicate to Franklin those individuals who
shall be appointed to serve as Directors of the Bank Subsidiary following the
Effective Time, each of whom shall serve as a Director for the term for which
he was appointed, subject to the Charter and Bylaws of Bank Subsidiary and in
accordance with applicable law.     Article VI. Conditions Precedent to
Closing  A. Conditions to the Obligations of Each of the Parties.  The
obligation of each of the parties hereto to consummate the
transactions provided for herein is subject to the fulfillment on or prior to
the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:   1. The
shareholders of Franklin shall have duly approved the Merger and the plan of
merger contained within this Agreement in accordance with and as required by
law and in accordance with Franklin\'s Charter and Bylaws.   2. All
necessary governmental and regulatory orders, consents, clearances and
approvals and requirements shall have been secured and satisfied for the
consummation of such transactions, including without limitation, those of the
Federal Reserve System, the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions, the OCC
and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to the extent required and,
in the case of Fifth Third\'s obligation, none of such orders, consents,
clearances and approvals and requirements shall be subject to a Burdensome
Condition.   3. Any waiting period mandated by law in respect of the final
requisite approval by any applicable Regulatory Agency of the transaction
contemplated herein shall have expired.   4. No order or injunction of any
federal or state agency or court shall be in effect preventing, prohibiting
or enjoining the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5. Fifth
Third shall have registered its shares of Fifth Third Common Stock to be
issued to the Franklin shareholders hereunder with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Act, and with all applicable state securities authorities.
The registration statement with respect thereto shall have been declared
effective by the SEC and all applicable state securities authorities and no
stop order shall have been issued and be continuing. The shares of Fifth
Third Common Stock to be issued to the Franklin shareholders hereunder shall
have been authorized for trading on the Nasdaq National Market upon official
notice of issuance.  B. Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Fifth
Third and Fifth Third  Financial.  The obligation of Fifth Third and Fifth
Third Financial to consummate the transactions provided for herein is subject
to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following
additional conditions unless waived by Fifth Third in a writing delivered to
Franklin which specifically refers to the condition or conditions being
waived:   1. The representations and warranties of Franklin contained
herein shall be true and correct both as of the date of this Agreement and
(except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an
earlier date) as of the Closing Date.   2. Franklin shall have performed
all of the obligations required of it under the terms of this Agreement in
all material respects.   3. Fifth Third shall have received a certificate
from Franklin, executed by its chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, dated the Closing Date, certifying to each of such officers\' best
knowledge and belief that the conditions set forth in Section VI.B.1. and
VI.B.2. have been satisfied.   4. No investigation or action by any state
or federal agency shall have been threatened in writing or instituted seeking
to enjoin or prohibit or unwind the transactions contemplated hereby and no
governmental action or proceeding shall have been threatened or instituted
before any court or governmental body or authority, seeking to enjoin or
prohibit or unwind, the transactions contemplated hereby or seeking to impose
material sanctions or penalties as a result thereof (other than
investigations, actions and proceedings which have been withdrawn prior to
the Closing without a Material Adverse Effect on Fifth Third or Franklin, and
other than regularly scheduled regulatory examinations).     5. At or
prior to the Effective Time, Fifth Third shall have entered into written
employment, severance and/or non-competition agreements with each of (a)
Gordon Inman, (b) Myers Jones, (c) Richard Herrington, (d) George J. Regg,
Jr., and (e) Lisa Musgrove on terms satisfactory to Fifth Third and each of
the foregoing individuals.   6. (a) In consideration of the consummation of
the Merger, each of the Directors of Franklin and Bank Subsidiary (except
those persons who enter into an agreement as required by VI.B.5 above) shall
receive a cash payment from Fifth Third in the amount of $5,000, and each
Director of Franklin (except those persons who enter into an agreement as
required by VI.B.5 above) shall have executed and delivered to Fifth Third an
agreement by which the Directors shall agree for a period of three years
after the Effective Time to refrain from directly or indirectly, whether for
his or her own account or for the account of any other person, firm,
corporation, or other business organization, (i) in the states of Kentucky or
Tennessee, engage in providing Banking Services (as defined below) as an
employee, officer, director, or consultant on behalf of any other business
organization who is a competitor of Fifth Third, (ii) provide Banking
Services to any Client (as defined below), (iii) make any statement or take
any actions that may interfere with Fifth Third\'s or any
Affiliate\'s business relationships with any Client, (iv) contact either
directly or indirectly any Client or otherwise induce or attempt to induce
any Client to enter into any business relationship with any person or firm
other than Fifth Third or an Affiliate relating to Banking Services of any
type, (v) endeavor or entice away from Franklin or Fifth Third any person who
the Director has actual knowledge that such person is, or was at any time
during the period the Director was employed by Franklin or Fifth Third or
during the Restricted Period, employed by or associated with Fifth Third or
Franklin as an executive, officer, employee, manager, salesperson,
consultant, independent contractor, representative or other agent, or (vi)
take any actions that may interfere with Fifth Third\'s property rights in
lists of Clients or otherwise diminish the value of such lists to Fifth
Third. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Section 6, the
restrictions contained herein shall not be applicable to any activity of the
Director or any activity of his or her spouse which existed at the time of
this Agreement and which was disclosed by the Director to Fifth Third, and
may be waived by Fifth Third with respect to one or more Directors in writing
at any time and from time to time in Fifth Third\'s sole discretion
after receipt of a written request from any Director.   (b) The term
"Restricted Period" shall mean the period beginning on the Effective Time and
ending three years thereafter.   (c) The term "Banking Services" shall mean
retail or commercial deposit or lending business, including mortgage lending,
trust services, securities brokerage, asset management, data processing,
merchant processing and all other services which are customarily provided by
banks or which are otherwise provided by Fifth Third or its affiliates.  
(d) For all purposes of this Agreement, the term "Client" shall mean all
persons or entities who are or were clients of Franklin or Fifth Third at the
Effective Time or at any time during the three-year period ending at
the Effective Time, and any potential clients who to the Director\'s
actual knowledge, have been identified and contacted by a representative of
Fifth Third. The term "Client" shall not include any member of the
Employee\'s immediate family, as defined under Rule 16a-1 of the Exchange Act
or any trust of which the Director or any member of his immediate family (as
defined in Rule 16a-1 of the Exchange Act) is a trustee or beneficiary.  
7. The aggregate amount of consolidated shareholders\' equity
(including Common Stock, Additional Paid-In Capital and Retained Earnings and
excluding Treasury Stock) of Franklin immediately prior to the Effective
Time, as shown by and reflected in its books and records of accounts on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, shall not
be less than $37,000,000. For purposes of this subparagraph, (A) any expenses
or accruals after the date hereof relating to (i) the adjustments
contemplated by Section IV.C. (i) herein, (ii) termination or funding of any
of Benefit Plans of Franklin, and the Franklin Subsidiaries as contemplated
herein, (iii) expenses associated with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated herein, and (iv) expenses and losses associated with valuing of
Franklin\'s or any of the Franklin Subsidiaries\' investments at current
market value as required by GAAP (including SFAS 115) shall be excluded for
purposes of calculation of Franklin\'s shareholders\' equity as contemplated
herein prior to the Effective Time.   8. Fifth Third\'s independent
certified public accountants shall have reviewed the unaudited consolidated
financial statements of Franklin as at the end of the month immediately
preceding the Effective Time (the "Preceding Month") if such Preceding Month
ended at least six days before the Effective Time or as at the end of the
month    immediately preceding the Preceding Month if the Preceding Month
ended less than six days before the Effective Time, as well as the unaudited
separate financial statements of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries as of
the same date, performed such other auditing procedures as may be requested
by Fifth Third and reported in good faith that they are not aware of any
material modifications which would have a Material Adverse Effect on Franklin
that should be made in order for such financial statements to (i) be in
conformity with GAAP, consistently applied, excluding the presentation of
footnotes, and (ii) accurately state the financial condition and results of
operations of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries.   9. The total number
of issued and outstanding shares of Franklin Common Stock and shares of
Franklin Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options shall
not exceed the sum of 10,184,806 and the number of shares issued between the
date hereof and the Closing Date pursuant to the Franklin 2000 Stock Purchase
Plan (which shall not exceed 600 shares per calendar quarter).   10. George
J. Regg, Jr., Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel for
Franklin, shall have delivered an opinion addressed to Fifth Third and Fifth
Third Financial in substantially the form attached hereto as Appendix C.  
11. Either (i) Fifth Third shall have entered into an assumption of lease
agreement with Gordon Inman covering all of the buildings presently leased by
Gordon Inman to Franklin that are located in downtown Franklin,
Tennessee (collectively, the "Headquarters"), or (ii) Gordon Inman and Bank
Subsidiary shall have entered into a real estate lease agreement concerning
the Headquarters for a 10-year term with two 5-year options to renew, at
lease rates acceptable to Fifth Third and Gordon Inman.   12. At or prior
to the Effective Time, any and all liens, claims, charges, options,
encumbrances, mortgages, pledges or security interests on any capital stock
or other securities evidencing ownership of any Franklin Subsidiary shall
have been satisfied and removed and Franklin or a Franklin Subsidiary shall
own all of the outstanding capital stock or other securities evidencing
ownership of the Franklin Subsidiaries in each case free and clear of any
lien, claim, charge, option, encumbrance, mortgage, pledge or
security interest.   13. Fifth Third shall have received an opinion of
Graydon Head and Ritchey LLP, counsel to Fifth Third, dated the Closing Date,
to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions
set forth in such opinion, the Merger constitutes a "reorganization" within
the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. In rendering its opinion, counsel to
Fifth Third may require and rely upon representations contained in letters
from Franklin and Fifth Third.   14. On the date of the execution of this
Agreement, Gordon Inman shall have executed and delivered to Fifth Third a
Shareholder Support Agreement in the form of Appendix F Attached hereto,
which Shareholder Support Agreement shall be in full force and effect and
which all parties thereto shall be in compliance at and as of the Closing
Date.  C. Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Franklin.  The
obligation of Franklin to consummate the transactions provided for herein
is subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Effective Time of each of
the following additional conditions unless waived by Franklin in a writing
delivered to Fifth Third which specifically refers to the condition or
conditions being waived:   1. The representations and warranties of Fifth
Third and Fifth Third Financial contained herein shall be true and correct
both as of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such
representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing
Date.   2. Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial shall have each performed
all of the obligations required of it under the terms of this Agreement in
all material respects.   3. Franklin shall have received a certificate from
each of Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial, executed by its respective
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, dated the Closing Date,
certifying to each of such officers\' best knowledge and belief that the
conditions set forth in Section VI.C.1. and VI.C.2. have been
satisfied.     4. Paul L. Reynolds, General Counsel for Fifth Third shall
have delivered an opinion addressed to Franklin in substantially the
form attached hereto as Appendix D.   5. Franklin shall have received an
opinion of Smith, Gambrell and Russell, LLP, counsel to Franklin, dated the
Closing Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, (i) the Merger constitutes a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code and (ii) the
exchange in the Merger of Franklin Common Stock for Fifth Third Common Stock
will not give rise to gain or loss to the shareholders of Franklin with
respect to such exchange (except to the extent of any cash received). In
rendering its opinion, counsel to Franklin may require and rely upon
representations contained in letters from Franklin and Fifth Third.  
Article VII. Additional Covenants   A. Employment Arrangements. 1. Fifth
Third shall consider employing at Fifth Third Financial or other Fifth Third
subsidiaries or affiliates as many of the employees of Franklin and all of
the Franklin Subsidiaries who desire employment within the Fifth Third
holding company system as possible, to the extent of available positions and
consistent with Fifth Third\'s standard staffing levels and personnel
policies. As promptly as practicable following the Effective Time as Fifth
Third shall reasonably determine, Fifth Third shall provide the full-time
employees (in the aggregate and not individually) of Franklin and all
subsidiaries of Franklin ("Transferred Employees") who become employees of
Fifth Third or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates at or immediately
subsequent to the Merger as a group with employee benefit plans that in the
aggregate are of comparable value to the benefit plans provided to similarly
situated employees of Fifth Third (excluding from consideration the Fifth
Third Master Retirement Plan which has been frozen to new
participants). Under each employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by
Fifth Third or its subsidiaries or affiliates in which Transferred Employees
participate, prior service with Franklin and any of the subsidiaries of
Franklin (including service prior to acquisition by Franklin to the extent
Franklin takes such service into account) shall be treated as prior service
with Fifth Third for purposes of eligibility and vesting. Notwithstanding the
preceding sentence, with respect to any payroll practice (such as accrued
vacation) where service is utilized to determine the amount of benefit under
such practice, prior service with Franklin and any subsidiaries of Franklin
(including service prior to acquisition by Franklin to the extent Franklin
takes such service into account) shall be treated as prior service with Fifth
Third.   2. Those employees of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries
(other than temporary and/or co-operative employees) who do not have an
employment, change in control or severance agreements and who are not
employed by Fifth Third or who are terminated or voluntarily resign after
being notified that, as a condition of employment, such employee must work at
a location more than thirty (30) miles from such employee\'s former location
of employment or that such employee\'s salary will be materially decreased,
in any case and in both cases, within ninety (90) days after the Effective
Time, and who sign and deliver a termination and release agreement in a form
attached hereto as Appendix E, shall be entitled to severance pay equal to,
in the case of Franklin or subsidiaries of Franklin, two (2) weeks of pay for
each completed year of service up to a maximum of twenty-six (26) weeks of
pay, plus any earned but not paid vacation pay. The severance payment
referred to above shall be under Franklin\'s current severance pay plan, if
any, or a new severance pay plan but in no event shall there be any
duplication of severance pay. Fifth Third shall provide sufficient
notification to Franklin of those employees it will not be hiring in order
that such employees terminated by Franklin can be given appropriate notice of
termination in advance of the effectiveness thereof. Franklin shall cooperate
with Fifth Third to effectuate the foregoing and to comply with, and provide
notices regarding, the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Act or any similar
state or local law, including without limitation, providing notices to
employees and government representatives. Nothing contained in this Section
VII.A.2. shall be construed or interpreted to limit or modify in any way
Fifth Third\'s at will employment policy. In no event shall severance pay or
any severance period be taken into account in determining the amount of
any other benefit (including but not limited to, an individual\'s benefit
under any pension plan). If, by reason of the controlling plan document,
controlling law or otherwise, severance pay or any severance period is taken
into account in determining any other benefit, the severance pay otherwise
payable shall be reduced by the present value of the additional benefit
determined under other benefit plans attributable to the severance pay or
period.    3. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in lieu of
any severance benefits provided in Section VII.A.2. above, Fifth Third shall
acknowledge and assume, upon consummation of the Merger, the obligations of
Franklin under all existing change in control, severance and employment
agreements. Franklin has specifically identified such agreements in Section
II.X of the Disclosure Schedule.  B. Director, Officer and Employee
Indemnification. 1. From and after the Effective Time, Fifth Third shall
assume the obligations of Franklin and the Franklin Subsidiaries arising
under applicable law in existence as of the date hereof or as amended prior
to the Effective Time and under Franklin\'s Charter and By-laws or the
Franklin Subsidiaries\' respective charters and bylaws as in effect on the
date hereof, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now,
or has been at any time prior to the date hereof or who becomes, prior to the
Effective Time, an officer or director of Franklin, any Franklin Subsidiary,
or any of their predecessors (the "Indemnified Parties") against losses,
claims, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys\'
fees), liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid in settlement
(which settlement shall require the prior written consent of Fifth Third) of
or in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (a
"Claim") in which an Indemnified Party is, or is threatened to be made, a
party or a witness based in whole or in part on or arising in whole or in
part out of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of
Franklin or any Franklin Subsidiary if such Claim pertains to any matter or
fact arising, existing or occurring prior to the Effective Time (including,
without limitation, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement), regardless of whether such Claim is asserted or claimed prior to,
at or after the Effective Time. Fifth Third shall pay expenses in advance of
the final disposition of any such action or proceeding to each Indemnified
Party to the full extent permitted by law and under Franklin\'s Charter or
By-laws or the Franklin Subsidiaries\' respective charters or bylaws. Any
Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under this provision, upon
learning of any Claim shall notify Fifth Third (but the failure to so notify
Fifth Third shall not relieve Fifth Third from any liability which Fifth
Third may have under this Section VII.B. except to the extent Fifth Third is
materially prejudiced thereby). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm to represent them
with respect to each matter under this Section VII.B. unless there is, under
applicable standards of professional conduct, a conflict on any one
significant issue between the positions of any two or more Indemnified
Parties.   2. From and after the Effective Time, the directors, officers
and employees of Franklin and its subsidiaries who become directors, officers
or employees of Fifth Third or any of its subsidiaries, except for
the indemnification rights set forth in Section VII.B.1., shall have
indemnification rights with prospective application only. The prospective
indemnification rights shall consist of such rights to which directors,
officers or employees of Fifth Third or the subsidiary by which such person
is employed are entitled under the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation of Fifth Third or similar governing documents of Fifth Third or
its applicable subsidiaries, as in effect from time to time after the
Effective Time, as applicable, and provisions of applicable law as in effect
from time to time after the Effective Time.   3. The obligations of Fifth
Third provided under this Section VII.B. are intended to benefit, and be
enforceable against Fifth Third directly by, the Indemnified Parties, and
shall be binding on all respective successors of Fifth Third.   4. Fifth
Third shall also purchase and keep in force for a three-year period, a policy
of directors\' and officers\' liability insurance to provide coverage for
acts or omissions of the type currently covered by Franklin\'s existing
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance for acts or
omissions occurring on or prior to the Effective Time, but only to the extent
such insurance may be purchased or kept in full force on commercially
reasonable terms taking into account the cost thereof and the benefits
provided thereby. It is agreed that such costs shall be commercially
reasonable so long as they do not exceed 150% per annum of the costs
currently paid per annum for such coverage by Franklin.   5. The rights set
forth in this Section VII.B. are in addition to and not in substitution of
other indemnification and related rights that such Indemnified Parties may
otherwise be entitled to receive under Franklin\'s Charter and By-laws or
applicable law.      6. Notwithstanding anything in this Section VII.B to
the contrary, Fifth Third shall not be required to provide any indemnity
hereunder or may make or agree to make any indemnification payment unless
that payment is reasonable and all of the following conditions are met: (1)
Fifth Third\'s Board of Directors determines in writing that the Indemnified
Party acted in good faith and the best interests of Franklin or the Franklin
Subsidiary as the case may be; (2) the Fifth Third Board of Directors
determines that the payment will not materially affect Fifth Third\'s or any
subsidiary of Fifth Third\'s safety and soundness; (3) the payment does not
fall within the definition of a "prohibited indemnification payment"; and (4)
the Indemnified Party agrees in writing to reimburse Fifth Third, to the
extent not covered by permissible insurance, for payments made in the event
that an administrative action results in a final order or settlement in which
the Indemnified Party is assessed a civil money penalty, is removed or
prohibited from banking, or is required, under a final order, to cease an
action or take any affirmative action. For purposes hereof, a "prohibited
indemnification payment" is defined to include any payment or agreement to
make a payment by a bank or a bank holding company to an institution-
affiliated party to pay or reimburse such person for any liability or legal
expense in any administrative proceeding brought by the appropriate federal
banking agency that results in a final order or settlement in which
the institution-affiliated party is assessed a civil money penalty, is
removed or prohibited from banking, or is required to cease an action or take
any affirmative action, including making restitution, with respect to the
bank or bank holding company.  C. Notices. All notices, requests, consents,
and demands under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sufficient
in all respects if delivered in person or mailed by certified mail, return
receipt requested, with postage prepaid, or by confirmed air courier, and
addressed, if to Franklin to Franklin Financial Corporation, 230 Public
Square, Franklin, Tennessee 37064 with a copy of Robert C. Schwartz, Esq.,
Smith, Gambrell and Russell, LLP, Suite 3100, Promenade II, 1230 Peachtree
Street, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30309-3592 and if to Fifth Third and Fifth
Third Financial to Fifth Third Bancorp, 38 Fountain Square Plaza, Cincinnati,
Ohio 45263, Attention: George A. Schaefer, Jr., with a copy to Fifth Third
Bancorp, 38 Fountain Square Plaza, Cincinnati, Ohio 45263, Attention: Paul,
L. Reynolds, Executive Vice President and General Counsel Such notices shall
be deemed to be received when delivered in person or when deposited in the
mail by certified mail, return receipt requested with postage prepaid. If
sent by confirmed air courier, such notice shall be deemed to be given upon
the earlier to occur of the date upon which it is actually received by the
addressee or the business day upon which delivery is made at such address as
confirmed by the air courier (or if the date of such confirmed delivery
is not a business day, the next succeeding business day). If mailed, such
notice shall be sent by certified mail, postage pre-paid, return receipt
requested.  D. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the written
instruments specifically referred to herein and such other written agreements
delivered by Fifth Third, Fifth Third Financial or Franklin to each other
pursuant hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with
regard to the transactions contemplated herein and supersede any prior
agreements, whether oral or in writing. This Agreement may be hereafter
amended only by a written instrument executed by each of the parties pursuant
to Article X hereof.  E. Press Releases. Fifth Third and Franklin shall
agree with each other as to the form and substance of any press release
related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and shall consult with each other as to the form and substance of
other public disclosures related thereto; provided, however, that nothing
contained herein shall prohibit either party from making any disclosure which
its outside counsel deems required by law; and provided, further, however,
that Fifth Third shall not be required to incorporate any comments from
Franklin into such releases or public filings unless determined to be
appropriate by Fifth Third in good faith.  F. Expenses. Each party hereto
will bear all expenses incurred by it in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, except that printing and mailing
expenses for the Proxy Statement shall be shared equally between Fifth Third
and Franklin and the SEC filing and registration fees for the Registration
Statement shall be paid by Fifth Third.  G. Advice of Changes. 1. Between
the date hereof and the Closing Date, Franklin shall promptly advise Fifth
Third in writing of any fact that, if existing or known at the date hereof,
would have been required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this
Agreement or of any fact that, if existing or known at the date hereof, would
have made any of the representations contained herein untrue to any material
extent; provided, that no such disclosure shall affect or modify any
representation or warranty of Franklin contained herein or made pursuant
hereto.       2. Between the date hereof and the Closing Date, each of
Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial shall promptly advise Franklin in
writing of any fact that, if existing or known at the date hereof, would have
been required to be set forth or disclosed in or pursuant to this Agreement
or of any fact that, if existing or known at the date hereof, would have made
any of the representations contained herein untrue to any material extent;
provided, that no such disclosure shall affect or modify any representation
or warranty of Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial contained herein or made
pursuant hereto.   3. Each party hereto will promptly notify the other party
in writing of the occurrence of any event which will or may result in the
failure to satisfy any material condition precedent set forth in this
Agreement. Between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, each
party hereto will notify the other of the satisfaction of such material
conditions precedent as they occur.  H. Tax Treatment. Neither Fifth Third
nor Franklin will take any action while knowing that such action would, or is
reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.  I.
Enforcement of this Agreement. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or
were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any
court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, such remedy
being in addition to any other remedy to which any party is entitled at law
or in equity.  J. MPS. Upon the request of Fifth Third and at the sole
option of Fifth Third, Franklin and Bank Subsidiary shall execute and deliver
to Midwest Payment Systems, Inc. ("MPS") an agreement to convert all
electronic funds transfer ("EFT") related services to MPS and the Jeanie(R)
system. Such Agreement shall provide that MPS will be the exclusive provider
of such services to Franklin and Bank Subsidiary for a period of five (5)
years from the date such agreements are executed. Fifth Third agrees that the
cost of the conversion of Franklin and Bank Subsidiary to EFT provided by MPS
and conversion to the Jeanie(R) system (including, without limitation, the
cost of all card reissue, signage and penalties relating to terminating its
current EFT relationships) will be paid by Fifth Third. Fifth Third further
agrees that the costs and fees to Franklin and Bank Subsidiary for the
Jeanie(R) service shall not exceed those charged by the current EFT service
provider of Franklin and Bank Subsidiary, subject to any increases in such
costs and fees which would otherwise be permitted under their current EFT
processing agreements. In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Article VIII hereof for any reason except a material breach or default by
Franklin, and if, in such instance, Franklin desires to convert to another
provider of EFT services, Fifth Third shall pay all costs and
expenses associated with such conversion, provided, however, such costs and
expenses are reasonable when compared to costs and expenses ordinarily
charged in the EFT services industry. In no event shall Franklin or Bank
Subsidiary be required to take any actions pursuant to this Paragraph J or
otherwise under this Agreement or the Agreement of merger that are contrary
to any applicable law, regulation, rule or order or which constitute a breach
of the fiduciary duties of the directors of Franklin or Bank Subsidiary.  
Article VIII. Termination  A. Basis for Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by written notice
delivered by Fifth Third to Franklin, or by Franklin to Fifth Third in the
following instances:   1. By Fifth Third or Franklin, if there has been to
the extent contemplated in Section VI.B.1. or VI.B.2. or Section VI.C.1. or
VI.C.2. herein, as the case may be, a breach of a representation or warranty
(subject to the standard in Section I.R.) or a material breach of any
covenant on the part of the other party with respect to the representations,
warranties, and covenants set forth herein and such breach has not been cured
within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice or is not capable of
being cured; provided, the party in breach or default shall have no right to
terminate for its own breach or default. For purposes hereof, a breach of
Sections IV.A. or IV.B. will be deemed not capable of being cured.     2.
By Fifth Third or Franklin, if the merger transaction contemplated herein has
not been consummated by January 31, 2003, provided the terminating party is
not in material breach or default of any representation, warranty or covenant
contained herein on the date of such termination.   3. By Fifth Third or
Franklin, if the business or assets or financial condition of the other
party, in each case taken as a whole, shall have materially and adversely
changed from that in existence December 31, 2001, other than any such change
attributable to or resulting from any change in law or regulation or GAAP,
changes in interest rates, economic, financial or market conditions affecting
the banking industry generally or changes that occur as a consequence of
actions or inactions that either party hereto is expressly obligated to take
under this Agreement.   4. By the mutual written consent of Fifth Third,
Fifth Third Financial and Franklin.   5. By Fifth Third if any event occurs
which renders impossible of satisfaction one or more of the conditions to the
obligations of Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial to effect the Merger set
forth in Sections VI.A. and VI.B. herein and non-compliance is not waived by
Fifth Third and Fifth Third Financial.   6. By Franklin if any event occurs
which renders impossible of satisfaction one or more of the conditions of the
obligations of Franklin to effect the Merger as set forth in Sections VI.A.
and VI.C. herein and non-compliance is not waived by Franklin.   7. By
Fifth Third if the Board of Directors of Franklin shall have publicly
announced its withdrawal or modification in a manner adverse to Fifth Third
and Fifth Third Financial of its favorable recommendation of the Merger.  
8. By Fifth Third or Franklin if Franklin shareholders, acting at a meeting
held for the purpose of voting upon the Merger, vote not to approve
the Merger in the manner required by law.  B. Effect of Termination. Upon
termination as provided in this Article VIII, this Agreement, except for the
provisions of Sections V.D.2., VII.F. or VII.J. hereof, shall be void and of
no further force or effect, and no party hereto (nor any of their respective
officers, directors or subsidiaries) shall have any liability of any kind to
any other party including but not limited to liability for expenses incurred
by the other party in connection with this transaction; provided that no such
termination shall relieve a breaching party from liability for any uncured
willful breach of a covenant, undertaking, representation or warranty giving
rise to such termination, but in no event shall any party be liable for
punitive or exemplary damages.    Article IX. Closing and Effective
Time  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall take place at a closing (the "Closing") to be held at the offices of
Fifth Third in Cincinnati, Ohio on a Friday selected by Fifth Third which is
not more than 15 days after the satisfaction or waiver of all of the
conditions precedent to consummation of the Merger set forth in Article VI
hereof (other than those conditions which by their nature cannot be satisfied
until the Closing), including the expiration of all regulatory waiting
periods, have been fully met or effectively waived (the "Closing Date").
Pursuant to the filing of a certificate of merger (which shall be prepared by
Fifth Third and reasonably satisfactory to Franklin) with the Secretary of
State of each of the State of Ohio and the State of Tennessee, respectively,
in accordance with law and this Agreement, the Merger provided for herein
shall become effective at the close of business on said day (the "Effective
Time"). By mutual agreement of the parties, the Closing may be held at any
other time or place or on any other date and the effectiveness of the Merger
(and the Effective Time) may be changed by such mutual agreement. None of the
representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective
Time, except for agreements of the parties which by their terms are intended
to be performed after the Effective Time.     Article X. Amendment  This
Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented by the written
agreement of Franklin and Fifth Third Financial and Fifth Third upon the
authorization of each company\'s respective Board of Directors at any time
before or after approval of the Merger and this Agreement by the shareholders
of Franklin, but after any such approval by the shareholders of Franklin no
amendment shall be made (without further shareholder approval) which changes
in any manner adverse to such shareholders the consideration to be provided
to such shareholders pursuant to this Agreement.   Article XI.
General  Except to the extent that provisions of the TBCA are applicable to
the Merger, this Agreement was made in the State of Ohio and shall be
interpreted under the laws of the United States and the State of Ohio. Each
of the parties hereto irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury
in any legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement and all of the provisions
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns but, with the exception
of Section I.C., Section I.D. and Section VII.B., none of the provisions
hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any other person,
firm or corporation whomsoever. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned or transferred by
operation of law or otherwise by any party hereto without the prior written
consent of the other party hereto; provided, however, that the merger or
consolidation of Fifth Third or Fifth Third Financial shall not be deemed an
assignment hereunder as long as the provisions of Section I.F. are complied
with. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement.   Article XII. Counterparts  This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original for all purposes but such counterparts taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date hereinabove set
forth.   FIFTH THIRD BANCORP  (SEAL)
By:_________________________________  Name:____________________________ 
Title:___________________________   Attest:__________________________ 
Name:____________________________  Title:___________________________   
FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION  (SEAL)
By:_________________________________  Name:____________________________ 
Title:___________________________   Attest:__________________________ 
Name:____________________________  Title:___________________________   
FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION  (SEAL)
By:_________________________________  Name:____________________________ 
Title:___________________________   Attest:__________________________ 
Name:____________________________ 
Title:___________________________      '

