 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER            
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    by and among    BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY
INC.    BG MERGER SUB INC.    and    GARAN, INCORPORATED    July
2, 2002                              AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated
as of July 2, 2002, by and among Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), BG Merger Sub Inc., a Virginia corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger Sub"), and Garan,
Incorporated, a Virginia corporation (the "Company").   WHEREAS, the Board
of Directors of Parent, the Board of Directors of Merger Sub, and the Board
of Directors of the Company have approved, and determined that it is
advisable and in the best interests of their respective companies and
stockholders to consummate, the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company (the "Merger"), with the Company as the surviving corporation in the
Merger, upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock, no par value, of the
Company (the "Shares" or the "Company Common Stock"), together with the
rights (the "Rights") attached thereto to purchase additional Shares pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of April 21, 1993, as
amended October 1, 2001 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the
"Rights Agreement") between the Company and J.P. Morgan Chase (then Chemical
Bank), as rights agent, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2), other than shares described in
Section 2.1(b), will be converted into the right to receive $60.00 per Share
(including associated Rights) in cash (the "Merger Consideration"); and  
WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make
certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
connection with the Merger; and   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to Parent\'s and Merger
Sub\'s willingness to enter into this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have
entered into a Stockholders Agreement, dated the date hereof, the form of
which is attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Stockholders Agreement"), with
the stockholders named therein (the "Stockholders"), pursuant to which each
Stockholder has, among other things agreed to vote certain Shares
beneficially owned by the Stockholder in favor of the Merger and this
Agreement and against any Takeover Proposal (as defined herein), in each case
subject to and on the conditions set forth therein.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto
agree as follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   Section 1.1 The Merger.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of
the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the "VSCA"), at the Effective Time (as
defined in Section 1.2 hereof), the Company and Merger Sub shall consummate a
merger (the "Merger") pursuant to which (a) Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into the Company and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall
thereupon cease, (b) the Company shall be the successor or surviving
corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") under the name
"Garan, Incorporated" and shall continue to be governed by the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, and (c) the separate corporate existence of the
Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises
shall continue unaffected by the Merger. After the Effective Time, (x) the
articles of incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time or as it may be amended by the Articles of Merger (as
defined below), shall be the articles of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law and such articles of
incorporation, and (y) the bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter amended as provided by law, the articles of incorporation
and such bylaws. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the VSCA.  
Section 1.2 Effective Time. Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company shall cause
appropriate articles of merger meeting the requirements of Section 13.1-720
of the VSCA (the "Articles of Merger") to be executed and filed on the date
of the Closing (as defined in Section 1.3) (or on such other date as Parent
and the Company may agree) with the State Corporation Commission of the
Commonwealth of Virginia (the "Commission") as provided in the VSCA. The
Merger shall become effective on the date on which the certificate of merger
has been duly issued by the Commission or such later time as is agreed upon
by the parties and designated in the Articles of Merger as the effective time
of the Merger, and such time is hereinafter referred to as the "Effective
Time."   Section 1.3 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") shall take place at 10:00 a.m., on a date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
the fourth business day, after satisfaction or waiver of all of the
conditions set forth in Article VI hereof (the "Closing Date"), at or
directed from the offices of Munger, Tolles and Olson LLP, 355 South Grand
Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90071, unless another date or place is agreed
to in writing by the parties hereto.   Section 1.4 Directors and Officers
of the Surviving Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub and the officers of
the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from and after the
Effective Time, be the directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors shall have been duly elected or appointed
or qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in
accordance with the Surviving Corporation\'s articles of incorporation and
bylaws.   Section 1.5 Stockholders\' Meeting; Proxy Statement.   (a)
Subject to the Company\'s rights under Section 7.1(c)(ii), the Company,
acting through its Board of Directors, shall, in accordance with applicable
law:   (i) duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of
its stockholders for the purpose of considering and taking action upon this
Agreement (the "Special Meeting") as soon as practicable following the date
hereof;   (ii) prepare and use reasonable best efforts to file with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), by July 12,
2002, a preliminary proxy statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement
and use its reasonable efforts (A) to obtain and furnish the information
required to be included by the federal securities laws (and the rules and
regulations thereunder) in the Proxy Statement (as hereinafter defined) and,
after consultation with Parent, to respond promptly to any comments made by
the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy statement and, as soon as
practicable thereafter to cause a definitive proxy statement (the "Proxy
Statement") to be mailed to its stockholders and (B) to obtain the necessary
approvals of the Merger and this Agreement by its stockholders as soon as
practicable; and   (iii) include in the Proxy Statement the
recommendation of the Board that stockholders of the Company vote in favor
of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement, unless
such recommendation has been withdrawn, or as such recommendation has
been modified or amended, in each case in accordance with Section 5.2, and
the opinion of Goldman Sachs and Co. (the "Financial Advisor") described in
Section 3.20, if the Financial Advisor authorizes such inclusion, which
authorization the Company will request;   (b) Parent shall provide the
Company with the information concerning Parent and Merger Sub required to be
included in the Proxy Statement. Parent shall vote, or cause to be voted, all
of the Shares (if any) then owned by it, Merger Sub or any of its other
subsidiaries and affiliates in favor of the approval of the Merger and the
adoption of this Agreement.   ARTICLE II   CONVERSION OF SECURITIES  
Section 2.1 Conversion of Capital Stock. As of the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares
of Company Common Stock or of the common stock, no par value, of Merger Sub
(the "Merger Sub Common Stock"):   (a) Merger Sub Common Stock. Each issued
and outstanding share of Merger Sub Common Stock shall be converted into and
become one  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock, no par value, of the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of
Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock. All shares of Company Common Stock
that are owned by the Company as treasury stock, all shares of Company Common
Stock owned by any subsidiary of the Company and any shares of Company Common
Stock owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any other wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent, in each case including associated Rights, shall be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in
exchange therefor.   (c) Conversion of Shares. Each issued and
outstanding share of Company Common Stock (including associated Rights),
other than Shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 2.1(b) hereof,
shall be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in
cash, without interest, payable to the holder thereof upon surrender of the
certificate formerly representing such share of Company Common Stock in the
manner provided in Section 2.2 hereof. All such shares of Company Common
Stock (including associated Rights), when so converted, shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such Shares
shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to
receive the Merger Consideration therefor upon the surrender of such
certificate in accordance with Section 2.2 hereof, without interest, and any
dividends declared and unpaid as of the Effective Time. Following the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall pay to the holders of
certificates as of the Effective Time any unpaid dividends declared in
respect of the Company Common Stock with a record date prior to the Effective
Time and which remain unpaid at the Effective Time.   Section 2.2 Exchange
of Certificates.   (a) Paying Agent. Prior to the Effective Time,
Parent shall designate a bank or trust company (the "Paying Agent")
reasonably acceptable to the Company to make the payments of the funds to
which holders of shares of Company Common Stock shall become entitled
pursuant to Section 2.1(c) hereof. When and as needed, Parent shall deposit
with the Paying Agent such funds in trust for the benefit of holders of
shares of Company Common Stock for exchange in accordance with Section 2.1,
for timely payment hereunder. Such funds shall be invested by the Paying
Agent as directed by Parent; provided that such investments shall be in
obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by
the full faith and credit of the United States of America or in commercial
paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody\'s Investors Service,
Inc. or Standard and Poor\'s Corporation, respectively. Any net profit
resulting from, or interest or income produced by, such investments will be
payable to Parent.   (b) Exchange Procedures. As promptly as
practicable after the Effective Time but in no event more than ten (10) days
thereafter, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of
record of a certificate or certificates, which immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and
associated Rights (the "Certificates"), whose shares were converted pursuant
to Section 2.1(c) into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, (i) a
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery
of the Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have
such  other provisions as Parent and the Surviving Corporation may
reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of the Certificates in exchange for payment of the Merger Consideration.
Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent,
together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of
such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the
Merger Consideration (subject to subsection (e) below) multiplied by the
number of shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such
Certificate and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled.
If payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a person other than
the person in whose name the surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall
be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer and that
the person requesting such payment shall have paid any transfer and other
taxes required by reason of the payment of the Merger Consideration to a
person other than the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered or
shall have established to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that
such tax either has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the
Merger Consideration in cash as contemplated by this Section 2.2.   (c)
Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. At the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and
thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of
Company Common Stock (and associated Rights) on the records of the Company.
From and after the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates evidencing
ownership of shares of Company Common Stock (and associated Rights)
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any
rights with respect to such Shares (and associated Rights), except as
otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason,
they shall be canceled and exchanged for Merger Consideration in the proper
amount of cash as provided in this Article II.   (d) Return of Funds; No
Liability. At any time following 270 calendar days after the Effective Time,
Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to require the Paying
Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest received with
respect thereto) which had been deposited with the Paying Agent and which
have not been disbursed to holders of Certificates, and thereafter such
holders shall be entitled to look only to Parent or the Surviving Corporation
(subject to abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws) as general
creditors thereof with respect to the payment of any Merger Consideration
that may be payable upon surrender of any Certificates such stockholder
holds, as determined pursuant to this Agreement, without any interest
thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving
Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a
Certificate for Merger Consideration delivered to a public official pursuant
to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.   (e)
Withholding Taxes. If so specified in the Proxy Statement, Parent, the
Surviving Corporation and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to a holder of Shares
pursuant to the Merger such amounts as Parent, the Surviving Corporation or
the Paying Agent is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code") or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the
extent amounts are so withheld by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Paying Agent, the withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the Shares in respect of which
the deduction and withholding was made.   Section 2.3 Company Option Plans.
Prior to the Closing Date, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if
appropriate, any committee administering the Option Plans (as defined below))
shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions as may be required to
effect the following:   (a) Adjust the terms of all outstanding stock
options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock ("Company Stock Options")
granted under the Company\'s 1989 Stock Option Plan or 1998 Stock Option
Plan, each as amended (the "Option Plans"), to provide that each Company
Stock Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, with an
exercise price of less than the Merger Consideration, shall be canceled at
the Effective Time in exchange for a payment from the Surviving Corporation
(subject to any applicable withholding taxes) equal to the product of (1) the
total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock
Option and (2) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price
per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option,
payable in cash immediately following the Effective Time.   (b) Except as
provided in subsection (a) above, the Company Stock Options, the Option Plans
and any other plan, program or arrangement providing for the issuance or
grant of any interest in respect of the capital stock of the Company or any
subsidiary, including the Rights Agreement, shall terminate as of the
Effective Time, and following the Effective Time no holder of a Company Stock
Option nor any participant in any such plan, program or arrangement shall
have any right thereunder to acquire capital securities of the Surviving
Corporation or of Parent.   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE COMPANY   The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger
Sub as follows:   Section 3.1\tCorporate Organization.   (a) Each of the
Company and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own or
lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is duly
licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the Company
("Company Material Adverse Effect"). The copies of the Restated Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, and amendments thereto (the "Company
Charter" and "Company Bylaws"), as most recently filed with the Company\'s
SEC Documents (as hereinafter defined), are true, complete and correct copies
of such documents as in effect as of the date of this Agreement.   (b) As
used in this Agreement, the term "Material Adverse Effect" means any state of
facts, change, development, effect, occurrence or condition that has a
material adverse effect on (i) the business, results of operations,
properties, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Company and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or Parent and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, as applicable, or (ii) a party\'s or parties\' ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby (except to the extent caused by any
action or inaction of Parent or Merger Sub in the case of a Company Material
Adverse Effect, or of the Company or its subsidiaries in the case of a Parent
Material Adverse Effect, in breach of this Agreement); provided, however,
that a "Material Adverse Effect" shall not include the following or any
combination of the following: any state of facts, change,
development, effect, occurrence or condition (A) resulting from or
attributable to general national, international or regional economic or
financial conditions, (B) resulting from or attributable to the announcement,
pendency or consummation of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, or (C) generally affecting the industries in which the Company or its
subsidiaries operate (including legal and regulatory changes), or (D)
described as a risk factor in the Company\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001. For purposes of analyzing whether
any state of facts, change, development, effect, occurrence or condition has
resulted in a Company Material Adverse Effect, Merger Sub will not be deemed
to have knowledge of any state of facts, change, development, effect,
occurrence or condition relating to the Company or its subsidiaries unless it
is disclosed in the Company\'s SEC Documents or the Company Disclosure
Schedule (as defined below). As used in this Agreement, the word "subsidiary"
when used with respect to any party means any corporation, partnership or
other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which at least
a majority of the securities or other interests having by their terms
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others
performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly beneficially owned or controlled by
such party or by any one or more of its subsidiaries, or by such party and
one or more of its subsidiaries.   Section 3.2 Capitalization.   (a) The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 15,000,000 shares of
Company Common Stock, no par value, and 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock,
par value $10.00 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). At the date hereof, there
were (i) 4,523,975 shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding and
an equal number of shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon
exercise of Rights under the Rights Agreement, (ii) 37,167 shares of Company
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Company Stock Options
(all of which are presently vested and exercisable) pursuant to the Option
Plans, and (iii) no shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. All of
the issued and outstanding shares of Company Stock have been (and any shares
of Company Common Stock issued upon the exercise of Company Stock Options
will be) duly authorized and validly issued and are (or will be) fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. Except as set forth above or in
Section 3.2(a) of the Company\'s disclosure schedule delivered to Parent
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure
Schedule"), as of the date hereof, there are not and, as of the Effective
Time there will not be, any shares of Company Common Stock, Preferred Stock,
or other capital stock issued and outstanding or any subscriptions, options,
warrants, calls, commitments or agreements of any character calling for the
purchase or issuance of any securities of the Company, including any
securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
Company Common Stock or Preferred Stock.   (b) The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
each of its subsidiaries, free and clear of any liens, charges, encumbrances,
adverse rights or claims and security interests whatsoever ("Liens"), and all
of such shares are duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. None of the Company\'s
subsidiaries has or is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options,
warrants, calls, commitments or agreements of any character calling for the
purchase or issuance of any security of such subsidiary, including any
securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares
of capital stock or any other equity security of such subsidiary.   (c)
Disclosed in Section 3.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a true and
complete list of all outstanding Company Stock Options as of the date hereof,
the exercise price therefor, and the holder thereof.   Section 3.3
Authority.   (a) The Company has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to obtaining the approval
of holders of more than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock (the "Company Stockholder Approval") prior to the consummation
of the Merger in accordance with Section 13.1-718 of the VSCA. The
Company Stockholder Approval is the only vote of the holders of any class or
series of the Company\'s securities necessary to approve this Agreement, the
Merger, and the other transactions contemplated hereby. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly
authorized by its Board of Directors and, except for obtaining the approval
of its stockholders as contemplated by Section 1.5 hereof and as required by
the VSCA, no other corporate action on the part of the Company is necessary
to authorize the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming
due and valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other
parties thereto, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that
such enforceability (i) may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium
or other similar laws affecting or relating to the enforcement of creditors\'
rights generally and (ii) is subject to general principles of equity.   (b)
The Board of Directors of the Company has approved and taken all corporate
action required to be taken by the Board of Directors for the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   Section
3.4 Consents and Approvals; No Violations.   (a) Except for (i) the consents
and approvals set forth in Section 3.4(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
(ii) the filing with the SEC of the preliminary proxy statement and the Proxy
Statement, (iii) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Commission
pursuant to the VSCA, (iv) the adoption of this Agreement by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of the Company, and (v) filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other
applicable requirements of, (A) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), (B) the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (C) any filings
required under the rules and regulations of the American Stock Exchange
("AMEX"), and (D) if required, the Federal Law of Economic Competition
(Mexico), as amended (the "Mexican Competition Act"), no consents or
approvals of, or filings, declarations or registrations with, any federal,
state or local court, administrative or regulatory agency or commission or
other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign (each a
"Governmental Entity") are necessary for the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Stockholders Agreement, other
than such other consents, approvals, filings, declarations or registrations
that, if not obtained, made or given, would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.4(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of
the terms or provisions hereof, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Stockholders Agreement or compliance with the terms and
provisions thereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
Company Charter or Company Bylaws or any of the similar organizational
documents of any of its subsidiaries or (ii) assuming that the
authorizations, consents and approvals referred to in Section 3.4(a) and the
authorization hereof by the Company\'s stockholders in accordance with the
VSCA are duly obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or
assets, or (y) subject to obtaining the third-party consents set forth in
Section 3.4(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, violate, conflict with,
result in the loss of any material benefit under, constitute a default (or an
event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or
cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the
creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license,
lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except, in the case
of clause (ii) above, for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults,
losses, terminations of rights thereof, accelerations or Lien creations
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.5 SEC Documents;
Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has filed all required reports,
schedules, forms and registration statements with the SEC since October 1,
2000 (collectively, and in each case including all exhibits, schedules, and
amendments thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, the "SEC
Documents"; provided that, in respect of the Form 10-K for the year ended
September 30, 2001, "SEC Documents" shall refer only to the Form 10-K/A for
the year ended September 30, 2001). As of their respective dates, the SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange
Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents
(including any and all financial statements included therein) as of such
dates contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Documents (the "SEC Financial Statements") comply as to form in
all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP")
(except, in the case of unaudited consolidated quarterly statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (except as may be indicated otherwise in the notes thereto)
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for
the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Since September 30, 2001,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, has incurred any liabilities
or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise) required, if known, to be reflected or reserved against on a
consolidated balance sheet of the Company prepared in accordance with GAAP
except (i) as and to the extent set forth on the audited balance sheet of the
Company and its subsidiaries as of September 30, 2001 (including the notes
thereto) included in the SEC Documents, (ii) as incurred in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) as incurred after
September 30, 2001 in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practice, (iv) as described in the SEC Documents filed since September
30, 2001 (the "Recent SEC Documents"), or (v) as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.   Section 3.6 Broker\'s Fees. Except for the Financial
Advisor\'s fee set forth in Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company nor any of their
respective officers or directors on behalf of the Company or such
subsidiaries has employed any financial advisor, broker or finder or incurred
any liability for any financial advisory fee, broker\'s fees, commissions or
finder\'s fees in connection with any of the transactions contemplated
hereby.   Section 3.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as
set forth in the Recent SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof or
in Section 3.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since September 30, 2001,
the Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in all
material respects in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past
practice and, since such date, there has not been any event that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to
have, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since March 31, 2002, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken, or failed to take, any action
that would have constituted a breach of Section 5.1(a), 5.1(b), or 5.1(e)
hereof had the covenants therein applied since that date.   Section 3.8
Legal Proceedings.   (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.8 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the Recent SEC Documents,
there is no action, suit or proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation
pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any or its subsidiaries
is a party to any action, suit or proceeding, arbitration or investigation,
which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.8
of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as disclosed in the Recent SEC
Documents, there is no injunction, order, judgment, decree or regulatory
restriction imposed upon the Company, any of its subsidiaries or the assets
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, when aggregated with all
other such injunctions, orders, judgments, decrees and restrictions, would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section
3.9 Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as disclosed in Section 3.9 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or in the Recent SEC Documents, the Company and
each of its subsidiaries hold all material licenses, franchises, permits and
authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective
businesses as presently conducted and are in compliance with the terms
thereof, except where the failure to hold such license, franchise, permit or
authorization or such noncompliance would not, when aggregated with all other
such failures or noncompliance, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
knows of, or has received notice of, any material violations of any
applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of
any Governmental Entity relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.10 Company Information. The information
relating to the Company and its subsidiaries to be provided by the Company
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or in any other document filed with any
other Governmental Entity in connection herewith at the respective times
filed with the SEC or such other Governmental Entity and first published,
sent or given to stockholders of the Company and, in addition, in the case of
the Proxy Statement, at the date it or any amendment or supplement is mailed
to holders of the shares of Company Common Stock and at the time of the
Special Meeting, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading (except
that no representation or warranty is made by the Company as to such portions
thereof that relate only to Parent, Merger Sub, or any of their subsidiaries
or to statements made therein based on information supplied by or on behalf
of Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference
therein). The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects
with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   Section 3.11 Employee Matters.   (a) The Company has
delivered or made available to Parent full and complete copies or
descriptions of each material employment, severance, bonus, change-in-
control, profit sharing, compensation, termination, stock option, stock
appreciation right, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance unit,
pension, retirement, deferred compensation, welfare or other employee benefit
agreement, trust fund or other employee benefit arrangement and any union,
guild or collective bargaining agreement maintained or contributed to or
required to be contributed to by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates
(as defined below), for the benefit or welfare of any director, officer,
employee or former employee of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates
(such plans and arrangements being collectively the "Company Benefit Plans").
Except as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
each of the Company Benefit Plans is in material compliance with all
applicable laws including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and the Code except where such noncompliance
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Except as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Internal Revenue Service has determined that each Company Benefit Plan
that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code is
so qualified and the Company is aware of no event occurring after the date of
such determination that would adversely affect such determination, except
where such event would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, no condition exists that is reasonably likely to subject
the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any direct or indirect liability
under Title IV of ERISA or Section 4976 of the Code that would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect and that is not reflected
on such balance sheet or that is reasonably likely to result in any loss of a
federal tax deduction under Section 280G of the Code. Except as set forth in
Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no pending or
to the Company\'s knowledge, threatened, claims (other than routine claims
for benefits or immaterial claims) by, on behalf of or against any of the
Company Benefit Plans or any trusts related thereto except where such claims
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
"ERISA Affiliate" means, with respect to any person, any trade or business,
whether or not incorporated, that together with such person would be deemed a
"single employer" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA.   (b)
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to, or bound by,
any collective bargaining agreement (other than as set forth in Section
3.11(b) of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule) or other contract or
understanding with a labor union or labor organization. Except for such
matters that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, there is no (i) unfair labor
practice, labor dispute or labor arbitration proceeding pending, (ii) to the
knowledge of the Company, any activity or proceeding by a labor union or
representative thereof to organize any employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or (iii) lockout, strike, slowdown, work stoppage or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threat thereof by or with respect to
such employees.   Section 3.12 Environmental Matters. Except as set forth
in Section 3.12 of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule or in Recent SEC
Documents, there are no legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings,
or pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions,
causes of action or required environmental remediation activities or, to the
knowledge of the Company, governmental investigations of any nature seeking
to impose, or that reasonably could be expected to result in the imposition,
on the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any liability or obligations
arising under common law standards relating to environmental protection,
human health or safety, or under any local, state, federal, national or
supranational environmental statute, regulation or ordinance, including the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,
as amended (collectively, "Environmental Laws"), pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened, against the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
which liability or obligation would reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, during or
prior to the period of (i) its or any of its subsidiaries\' ownership or
operation of any of their respective current properties, (ii) its or any of
its subsidiaries\' participation in the management of any property, or (iii)
its or any of its subsidiaries\' holding of a security interest or other
interest in any property, there was no release or threatened release of
hazardous, toxic, radioactive or dangerous materials or other materials
regulated under Environmental Laws in, on, under or affecting any such
property which would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to
any agreement, judgment, decree, or other order of any kind by or with any
court, governmental authority, regulatory agency or third party imposing
any material liability or obligations pursuant to or under any Environmental
Law that would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 3.13 Rights Agreement; Takeover Statutes. The Company
has taken all action required so that the entering into of this Agreement and
the Stockholders Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not enable or require the
Rights to be separated from the shares of Company Common Stock with which the
Rights are associated, or to be distributed, exercisable, exercised,
nonredeemable or result in the Rights associated with any Company Common
Stock beneficially owned by Parent, Merger Sub, or any of their affiliates or
associates (as defined in the Rights Agreement) to be void or voidable. The
Company has taken all actions necessary such that no restrictive provision of
any "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition," "interested
shareholder" or other similar anti-takeover statute or regulation (including,
without limitation, Article 14 (Section 13.1-728.1 et seq.) of the VSCA)
(each a "Takeover Statute") or restrictive provision of any applicable anti-
takeover provision in the governing documents of the Company is, or at the
Effective Time will be, applicable to the Company, Parent, Merger Sub, the
shares of Company Common Stock (including shares of Company Common Stock
acquired in the Merger), the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by
this Agreement or the Stockholders Agreement.   Section 3.14 Properties.
Except as disclosed in the Recent SEC Documents and for any of the following
which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its
subsidiaries (i) has good and indefeasible title to all the properties and
assets reflected on the latest audited balance sheet included in the Recent
SEC Documents as being owned by the Company or one of its subsidiaries or
acquired after the date thereof which are, individually or in the aggregate,
material to the Company\'s business on a consolidated basis (except
properties sold or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof in the
ordinary course of business), free and clear of (A) all Liens except (1)
statutory liens securing payments not yet due and (2) such imperfections or
irregularities of title or other Liens (other than real property mortgages or
deeds of trust) as do not materially affect the use of the properties or
assets subject thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair
business operations at such properties, and (B) all real property mortgages
and deeds of trust except such secured indebtedness as is properly reflected
in the latest audited balance sheet included in the Recent SEC Documents, and
(ii) is the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected in the latest audited
financial statements included in the Recent SEC Documents or acquired after
the date thereof which are material to its business on a consolidated basis
and is in possession of the properties purported to be leased thereunder, and
each such lease is valid without material default thereunder by the lessee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, the lessor.   Section 3.15 Tax Returns
and Tax Payments. Except as set forth in Section 3.15 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, (i) the Company and its subsidiaries have timely filed
(or, as to subsidiaries, the Company has filed on behalf of such
subsidiaries) all material Tax Returns (as defined below) required to be
filed by it; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have paid (or, as to
subsidiaries, the Company has paid on behalf of such subsidiaries) all Taxes
(as defined below) shown to be due on such Tax Returns or has provided (or,
as to subsidiaries, the Company has made provision on behalf of such
subsidiaries) reserves in its financial statements for any Taxes that have
not been paid, whether or not shown as being due on any Tax Returns; (iii)
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has granted any request that
remains in effect for waivers of the time to assess any Taxes; (iv) no claim
for unpaid Taxes has been asserted against the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in writing by a Tax authority which, if resolved in a
manner unfavorable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may
be, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Company Material Adverse Effect; (v) there are no Liens for Taxes upon
the assets of the Company or any subsidiary, except for Liens for Taxes not
yet due and payable or for Taxes that are being disputed in good faith
by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have
been taken; (vi) to the knowledge of the Company, no audit of any material
Tax Return of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is being conducted by a
Tax authority; (vii) none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has made
an election under Section 341(f) of the Code; and (viii) neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for Taxes of any person (other
than the Company and its subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section
1.1502-6 (or any comparable provision of state, local or foreign law). As
used herein, "Taxes" shall mean all taxes of any kind, including,
without limitation, those on or measured by or referred to as income, gross
receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise, profits, license, value added,
property or windfall profits taxes, customs, duties or similar fees,
assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and
any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any
governmental authority, domestic or foreign. As used herein, "Tax Return"
shall mean any return, report or statement required to be filed with any
governmental authority with respect to Taxes. As used herein, "Code" shall
mean the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.  
Section 3.16 Intellectual Property. The Company or its subsidiaries own, or
are licensed or otherwise possess legally enforceable rights to use (i) the
trademarks "GARANIMALS" and "GARAN" and (ii) all patents, other trademarks,
trade names, service marks, copyrights and any applications therefor,
technology, know-how, trade secrets, computer software programs or
applications, domain names and tangible or intangible proprietary information
or materials, in each case that are used in the respective businesses of the
Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, except in the case of
clause (ii) for any such failures to own, be licensed or possess that would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect. With respect to the countries and the scope
in which they are used in the respective businesses of the Company and its
subsidiaries as currently conducted, the trademark registrations for
"GARANIMALS" and "GARAN" are subsisting and in force and all patents, other
registered trademarks and service marks and registered copyrights held by the
Company or its subsidiaries are subsisting and in force except where failure
to be subsisting and in force would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 3.17 Identified Agreements. Other
than the contracts or agreements of the Company included as exhibits to the
Recent SEC Documents, and contracts or agreements between the Company and its
subsidiaries or between subsidiaries of the Company, Section 3.17 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the contracts and agreements to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party as of the date
hereof, which are (a) material contracts or agreements between the Company
and any of its affiliates, (b) contracts or arrangements between the Company
and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and executive officers or directors of
the Company or their affiliates and associates (as defined in the Exchange
Act), on the other hand, or (c) stockholder, voting trust or similar
contracts or agreements relating to the voting of Company Common Stock or
other equity interests of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   Section
3.18 Investment Company. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is
an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended.   Section 3.19 Board Recommendation. The Board of
Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and held, has (A)
unanimously approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, (B) determined that the Merger is advisable and that
the terms of the Merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, the
Company\'s stockholders, and (C) subject to Section 5.2, resolved to
recommend that the Company\'s stockholders approve and adopt this Agreement
and the Merger.   Section 3.20 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The
Financial Advisor has delivered to the Company\'s Board of Directors its
opinion (in writing or to be confirmed in writing) to the effect that, as of
the date hereof and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set
forth therein, $60.00 per Share (and associated Rights) in cash to be
received by the holders of the Shares pursuant to the Merger is fair to such
holders from a financial point of view.   ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF  PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Parent and Merger Sub jointly
and severally represent and warrant to the Company as follows:   Section
4.1 Corporate Organization. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware and the Commonwealth of Virginia, respectively, and has the
requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.  
Section 4.2 Authority. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary
corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized and
approved by their Boards of Directors and by Parent as the sole stockholder
of Merger Sub and no other corporate action on the part of Parent or Merger
Sub is necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by Parent and Merger
Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by them of the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Parent and Merger Sub, and, assuming due and valid authorization, execution
and delivery hereof by the Company, is a valid and binding obligation of each
of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of them in accordance with
its terms, except that such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to the
enforcement of creditors\' rights generally or (b) general principles of
equity.   Section 4.3 Consents and Approvals; No Violation.   (a) Except
for (i) the filing with the SEC of the preliminary proxy statement and the
Proxy Statement, (ii) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the
Commission pursuant to the VSCA, and (iii) filings, permits, authorizations,
consents and approvals as may be required under, and other applicable
requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the HSR Act, the
Mexican Competition Act (if required) or any other applicable antitrust or
competition law, no consents or approvals of, or filings, declarations or
registrations with, any Governmental Entity are necessary for the
consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby, other than such other consents, approvals, filings, declarations or
registrations that, if not obtained, made or given, would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent (a "Parent Material Adverse Effect").   (b) Neither the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub, nor the consummation
by Parent or Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance by Parent or Merger Sub with any of the terms or provisions
hereof, will (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or any of the similar
organizational documents of Merger Sub or (ii) assuming that the
authorizations, consents and approvals referred to in Section 4.3(a) are
obtained, (A) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to Parent,
Merger Sub, or any of their respective properties or assets, or (B) violate,
conflict with, result in the loss of any material benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of
termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of
Parent or Merger Sub under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party, or
by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound
or affected, except, in the case of clause (ii) above, for such
violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, losses, terminations of rights
thereof, accelerations or Lien creations which, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.   Section 4.4 Broker\'s Fees. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor
any of their respective officers or directors on behalf of Parent or Merger
Sub has employed any financial advisor, broker or finder in a manner that
would result in any liability of the Company for any broker\'s fees,
commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or that would result in any reduction of the
consideration payable to the stockholders of the Company.   Section 4.5
Merger Sub\'s Operation and Capitalization. Merger Sub was formed solely for
the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and has not
engaged in any business activities or conducted any operations other than in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The authorized capital
stock of Merger Sub consists of 100 shares of common stock, no par value, all
of which shares have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable
and are owned by Parent free and clear of any Liens.   Section 4.6 Parent
or Merger Sub Information. The information relating to Parent and its
subsidiaries to be provided by Parent to be contained in the Proxy Statement,
or in any other document filed with any other Governmental Entity in
connection herewith, at the respective time filed with the SEC or such other
Governmental Entity and, in addition, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at
the date it or any amendment or supplement is mailed to holders of the Shares
and at the time of the Special Meeting, will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not
misleading.   Section 4.7 Litigation. There are no claims, suits, actions
or proceedings pending or, to Parent or Merger Sub\'s knowledge, threatened
in writing, nor are there, to the knowledge of Parent and Merger,
any investigations or reviews pending or threatened in writing against,
relating to or affecting Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective
subsidiaries that (i) seek to question, delay or prevent the consummation of
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) would
reasonably be expected to affect adversely the ability of Parent or Merger
Sub to fulfill its obligations hereunder.   Section 4.8 Financing. Parent
and Merger Sub collectively have and will have at the Effective Time
sufficient funds in immediately available U.S. dollars to pay the Merger
Consideration in cash for all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
converted into cash pursuant to the Merger, to perform Parent\'s and Merger
Sub\'s obligations under this Agreement and to pay all fees and expenses
related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement payable by
them.   Section 4.9 Stock Ownership. As of the date hereof, neither Parent
nor Merger Sub nor any of their respective subsidiaries beneficially own any
Shares.   ARTICLE V   COVENANTS   Section 5.1 Conduct of Businesses
Prior to the Effective Time. Except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or as expressly contemplated or permitted by this
Agreement, or as required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including
the rules of any applicable securities exchange), during the period from the
date of this Agreement to the earlier of (x) the termination of this
Agreement and (y) the Effective Time, unless Parent otherwise agrees in
writing, the Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, in all
material respects, conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary
course consistent with past practice and use all reasonable efforts to
maintain and preserve intact its business organization and the good will of
those having business relationships with it and retain the services of its
present officers and key employees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, or as
required by applicable law, rule or regulation (including the rules of any
applicable securities exchange), during the period from the date of this
Agreement to the earlier of (x) the termination of this Agreement and (y) the
Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Parent in each
instance:   (a) (i) issue, sell, grant, dispose of, pledge or otherwise
encumber, or authorize or propose the issuance, sale, disposition or pledge
or other encumbrance of (A) any additional shares of its capital stock or any
securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing the
right to subscribe for any shares of its capital stock, or any rights,
warrants, options, calls, commitments or any other agreements of
any character to purchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock or
any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for, or evidencing
the right to subscribe for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, or (B) any other securities in respect of, in lieu of,
or in substitution for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries outstanding on the date hereof, other than pursuant to
the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding as of the date
hereof; (ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, or propose to redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire, any of its outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (iii) split, combine, subdivide
or reclassify any shares of its capital stock or declare, set aside for
payment or pay any dividend, or make any other actual, constructive or
deemed distribution, in respect of any shares of its capital stock or
otherwise make any payments to its stockholders in their capacity as such,
other than (A) dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent and (B) regular quarterly
cash dividends on Company Common Stock, not in excess of $0.25 per share, for
the quarter ended June 30, 2002, provided that the Company may accelerate
its usual quarterly dividend record and payment dates such that those
dates precede the Closing Date;   (b) other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, incur any indebtedness for borrowed
money or guarantee any such indebtedness except for amounts not in excess of
$1 million in the aggregate;   (c) sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets with a minimum value in
excess of $10 million to any individual, corporation or other entity other
than a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary, or cancel, release or
assign any indebtedness in excess of $1 million to any such person or any
claims held by any such person, in each case that is material to the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (i) in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, or (ii) pursuant to contracts or
agreements in force at the date of this Agreement;   (d) other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, make any material
acquisition or investment in a business either by purchase of stock or
securities, merger or consolidation, contributions to capital, loans,
advances, property transfers, or purchases of any property or assets of any
other individual, corporation or other entity other than a wholly owned
subsidiary thereof;   (e) increase in any manner the compensation of any of
its directors, officers or employees or enter into, establish, amend or
terminate any Company Benefit Plans, for or in respect of, any stockholder,
officer, director, other employee, agent, consultant or affiliate other than
(i) as required pursuant to the terms of agreements in effect on the date of
this Agreement, and (ii) increases in salaries, wages and benefits of
directors, officers, or employees of the Company made in the ordinary course
of business and in a manner consistent with past practice;   (f) amend the
Company Charter or the Company Bylaws;   (g) waive or fail to enforce any
provision of any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a
party (including the Agreement dated as of July 27, 2001 between the Company
and Private Capital Management, L.P. and the Standstill Agreement dated as of
November 7, 2001 among the Company, Royce and Associates, Inc., Brandywine
Asset Management, Inc., and Legg Mason, Inc.); provided, however, that this
clause (g) shall not prohibit the Company from consenting to a request from
one or more of the parties thereto that it be permitted to make a Superior
Proposal or a proposal that may reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior
Proposal; or   (h) make any commitment to take any of the
actions prohibited by this Section 5.1.   Section 5.2 No Solicitation.  
(a) The Company shall immediately cease any discussions or negotiations with
any parties that may be ongoing with respect to a Takeover Proposal (as
hereinafter defined) and shall seek to have returned to the Company any
confidential information that has been provided in any such discussions or
negotiations. From the date hereof, the Company shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or permit any of
its officers, directors or employees or any affiliate, investment banker,
financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative retained by
it or any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate or knowingly encourage (including by way of furnishing information
which has not been previously publicly disseminated), or take any other
action intended to facilitate, any inquiries or the making of any proposal
which constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover
Proposal or (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any
Takeover Proposal; provided, however, that following the receipt of a
Superior Proposal (as hereinafter defined) or a proposal which is reasonably
expected to lead to a Superior Proposal that was unsolicited and made after
the date hereof in circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of this
Agreement, the Company may, in response to such Takeover Proposal and subject
to compliance with Section 5.2(c), (A) request information from the party
making such Takeover Proposal for the purpose of the Board of Directors of
the Company informing itself about the Takeover Proposal that has been made
and the party that made it, (B) furnish information with respect to the
Company to the party making such Takeover Proposal pursuant to a
confidentiality agreement, provided that (1) such confidentiality agreement
contains substantially the same terms as (or terms no less favorable to the
Company) than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement dated as of
June 17, 2002 among Parent and the Company (as it may be amended, the
"Confidentiality Agreement") and (2) the Company advises Parent of all such
nonpublic information delivered to such person concurrently with its delivery
to the requesting party, and (C) participate in negotiations with such party
regarding such Takeover Proposal; provided further, that the actions
described in clauses (B) and (C) may be taken only on or before August 7,
2002. It is agreed that any violation of the restrictions set forth in the
preceding sentence by any executive officer, director, investment banker,
attorney or other advisor or representative of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.2(a) by the
Company.   (b) Except as expressly permitted in this Section
5.2(b), neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee
thereof shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or
modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the approval, determination of
advisability, or recommendation by such Board of Directors or such committee
of this Agreement, the Merger, and the other transactions contemplated
hereby, (ii) approve, determine to be advisable, or recommend, or propose
publicly to approve, determine to be advisable, or recommend, any Takeover
Proposal or (iii) cause the Company to enter into any letter of intent,
agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement
related to any Takeover Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement
referred to in Section 5.2(a)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith, in
response to a Superior Proposal that was unsolicited and made after the date
hereof in circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of this Agreement,
after considering applicable provisions of state law and after consultation
with outside counsel, that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with
its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders under applicable law,
the Board of Directors of the Company may (subject to compliance with this
and the following sentences and to compliance with Sections 5.2(a) and
5.2(c)), (x) withdraw or modify its approval, determination of advisability,
or recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger, and the other
transactions contemplated hereby or (y) determine to be advisable or
recommend a Superior Proposal, provided, however, that any actions described
in clause (x) or (y) may be taken only at a time that is after the second
business day following Parent\'s receipt of written notice from the Company
advising Parent that the Board of Directors of the Company has received a
Superior Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such
Superior Proposal and identifying the person making such Superior
Proposal.   (c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.2, the Company shall promptly advise
Parent in writing of any request for confidential information in connection
with a Takeover Proposal, of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms and
conditions of such request or the Takeover Proposal, the identity of the
person making such request or Takeover Proposal, and any requests made by the
Company for information about the Takeover Proposal or the party that made
it; and the Company shall keep Parent promptly advised of all significant
developments in respect of such Takeover Proposal.   (d) Nothing contained
in this Section 5.2 shall prohibit the Company from taking and disclosing to
its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under
the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the Company\'s
stockholders; provided, however, neither the Company nor its Board of
Directors nor any committee thereof shall, except as in accordance with
Section 5.2(b), withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or
modify, its approval, determination or recommendation or approve, determine
to be advisable, or recommend, or propose publicly to approve, determine to
be advisable, or recommend, a Takeover Proposal.   (e) For purposes of this
Agreement:   (i) "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer
from any person (other than Parent and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and
representatives) relating to any direct or indirect acquisition or purchase
of 25% or more of the assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or 25%
or more of any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any person beneficially owning 25% or more of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company or any
of its subsidiaries, in each case other than the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   (ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a
"Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written offer from any person (other
than Parent and its subsidiaries, affiliates and representatives) for a
direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 50% or more of the assets of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or 50% or more of
any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any
tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person
beneficially owning 50% or more of any class of equity securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or
similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in each
case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, which
provides for consideration on a per share basis to the stockholders of the
Company with a value (it being understood that securities retained by the
Company\'s stockholders be included for purposes of that determination) that
the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith (after
consultation with independent financial advisors and outside counsel and
taking into account all relevant factors, including whether financing for
such offer is committed and the likelihood of such offer resulting in a
consummated transaction) to be more favorable from a financial point of view
to the Company\'s stockholders than the Merger Consideration. Any Superior
Proposal is a Takeover Proposal.   Section 5.3 Publicity. The initial press
release with respect to the execution of this Agreement shall be a joint
press release reasonably  acceptable to Parent and the Company. Thereafter,
so long as this Agreement is in effect, none of the Company, Parent, Merger
Sub, nor any of their respective affiliates, shall issue or cause the
publication of any press release or other announcement with respect to the
Merger, this Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby without
the prior consultation of the other parties, except any publication of any
press release or other announcement made in connection with any Superior
Proposal or as may be required by law or by any listing agreement with a
national securities exchange as determined in the good faith judgment of the
party wanting to make such release.   Section 5.4 Notification of Certain
Matters. Each of the Company and Parent shall give prompt notice to the other
if any of the following occur after the date of this Agreement: (i) receipt
of any notice or other communication in writing from any person alleging that
the consent or approval of such third party is or may be required in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (ii) receipt
of any notice or other communication from any Governmental Entity or the AMEX
or New York Stock Exchange (or any other securities market), as applicable,
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii)
the occurrence of an event which would be reasonably likely to (A) have a
Company Material Adverse Effect or prevent or delay the consummation of the
Merger or (B) cause any condition to the Merger to be unsatisfied at any time
prior to the Outside Date (as defined in Section 7.1(b)); provided, however,
that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall not limit
or otherwise affect the remedies of the parties available hereunder.  
Section 5.5 Access to Information.   (a) Upon reasonable notice and subject
to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, the Company
shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to the officers,
employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives of the Parent,
during normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time,
reasonable access to all its properties, books, contracts, commitments and
records, and to its officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other
representatives and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause
its subsidiaries to, make available to Parent (i) a copy of each report,
schedule, registration statement and other document filed or received by it
during such period pursuant to the requirements of federal securities laws
and (ii) all other information concerning its business, properties and
personnel as such other party may reasonably request. Parent shall, and shall
cause its subsidiaries and Representatives to, hold in strict confidence all
Evaluation Material (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) concerning
the Company and it subsidiaries furnished to it in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, pursuant to this Section 5.5(a)
or otherwise, in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement.   (b) No
investigation by any of the parties or their respective representatives shall
affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the other
set forth herein.   Section 5.6 Further Assurances.   (a)Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall,
and shall cause its subsidiaries to, use all reasonable efforts (i) to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to comply
promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed on such party or
its subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the conditions
set forth in Article VI hereof, to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Merger, as promptly
as practicable and (ii) to obtain (and to cooperate with the other party
to obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any
exemption by, any Governmental Entity and any other third party which is
required to be obtained by the Company or Parent or any of their respective
subsidiaries in connection with the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and to comply with the terms and conditions
of any such consent, authorization, order or approval.   (b) Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective, as soon as practicable after the date of this
Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without
limitation, using all reasonable efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability of the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and using all
reasonable efforts to defend any litigation seeking to enjoin, prevent or
delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or seeking
material damages.   Section 5.7 Indemnification.   (a) From and after the
Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now, or has been at
any time prior to the date of this Agreement or who becomes such prior to the
Effective Time, an officer, director or fiduciary of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries (the "Indemnified Parties") against (i) any and all losses,
claims, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees and
expenses), fines, liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid in
settlement with the approval of Parent (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) of or in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation based in whole or in part on or arising in
whole or in part out of the fact that such person is or was a director,
officer or fiduciary of the Company or any of its subsidiaries whether
pertaining to any action or omission existing or occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time and whether asserted or claimed prior to, or at or after, the
Effective Time ("Indemnified Liabilities"), and (ii) all Indemnified
Liabilities based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out
of, or pertaining to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that, in the case of the Company and the Surviving
Corporation such indemnification shall be to the fullest extent a corporation
is permitted under Section 13.1-704 of the VSCA to indemnify its own
directors, officers or fiduciaries, and in the case of Parent such
indemnification shall not be limited by the VSCA but such indemnification
shall not be applicable to any claims made against the Indemnified Parties to
the extent that a judgment or other final adjudication established that (A)
their acts or omissions were committed in bad faith or were the result of
active and deliberate dishonesty and were material to the cause of action so
deliberated or (B) arising out of, based upon or attributable to the gaining
in fact of any financial profit or other advantage to which they were not
legally entitled. Parent, the Company, and the Surviving Corporation, as the
case may be, will pay all expenses of each Indemnified Party in advance of
the final disposition of any such action or proceeding to the fullest extent
permitted by law upon receipt of any undertaking contemplated by Section
13.1-699 of the VSCA. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any such
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought against any
Indemnified Party (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i)
the Indemnified Parties may retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to them
and Parent and Merger Sub, (ii) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the
Indemnified Parties promptly as statements therefor are received, and (iii)
Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, use all
reasonable efforts to assist and cooperate in the vigorous defense of any
such matter, provided that none of Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving
Corporation shall be liable for any settlement of any claim effected without
its written consent, which consent, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification
under this Section 5.7, upon learning of any such claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, shall notify Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving
Corporation (but the failure so to notify an indemnifying party shall not
relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 5.7 except
to the extent such failure materially prejudices such party), and shall
deliver to the Merger Sub and the Surviving Corporation the undertaking
contemplated by Section 13.1-699 of the VSCA. The Indemnified Parties as a
group may retain only one law firm (in addition to local counsel in each
applicable jurisdiction if reasonably required) to represent them with
respect to each such matter unless there is, under applicable standards of
professional conduct, a conflict on any significant issue between the
positions of any two or more Indemnified Parties. In the event any
Indemnified Party is required to bring any action to enforce rights or to
collect moneys due under this Agreement and is successful in such action
Parent shall reimburse such Indemnified Party for all its expenses in
bringing and pursuing such action. Each Indemnified Party shall be entitled
to the advancement of expenses to the full extent contemplated in this
Section 5.7(a) in connection with any such action.   (b) Successors. In the
event Parent or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all
or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then and in
either such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the continuing or
surviving entity or transferee, as appropriate, shall assume the obligations
set forth in this Section 5.7.   (c) Survival of Indemnification. To the
fullest extent not prohibited by law, from and after the Effective Time, all
rights to indemnification as of the date hereof in favor of the directors,
officers and fiduciaries of the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to
their activities as such prior to the Effective Time, as provided in
their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws or comparable
documents in effect on the date hereof, or otherwise in effect on the date
hereof, shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect
for a period of not less than six years from the Effective Time, provided
that in the event any claim or claims are asserted or made within such six-
year period, all such rights to indemnification in respect of such claim or
claims shall continue until the final disposition thereof.   Section 5.8
Employee Benefit Plans. For purposes of all employee benefit plans (as
defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and other employment agreements,
arrangements and policies of Parent under which an employee\'s benefits
depends, in whole or in part, on length of service, credit will be given to
current employees of the Company for service with the Company prior to the
Effective Time, provided that such crediting of service does not result in
duplication of benefits. Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, honor in accordance with their terms all employee benefit
plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) and the other Company Benefit
Plans; provided, however, that Parent or the Surviving Corporation may amend,
modify or terminate any individual Company Benefit Plan in accordance with
its terms and applicable law (including obtaining the consent of the other
parties to and beneficiaries of such Company Benefit Plan to the extent
required thereunder) provided, further, that, for a period of two years, no
such amendment, modification or termination shall result in compensation and
benefits to the employees, former employees, directors or former directors of
the Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company Employees") that are less
favorable, in the aggregate, than the compensation and benefits that are
provided to the Company Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else in this Agreement to the
contrary, the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries shall not, after the
Effective Time, provide retiree medical health insurance benefits without the
consent of Parent except as may be required by law or as is provided as of
the date hereof to the officer or director set forth in Section 5.8 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule.   Section 5.9 Bonus Payments; Employment
Agreements.   (a) The Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, pay discretionary bonuses to officers and employees
of the Company in respect of the fiscal year in which the Closing occurs,
consistent with the Company\'s past practice with respect to such
bonuses.   (b) Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
honor in accordance with their terms, each of the four employment agreements
filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Company\'s Annual
Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, as such
agreements are amended as of the date hereof.   Section 5.10 Additional
Agreements. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action
is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to
vest the Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets,
rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of any of the parties to the
Merger, the proper officers and directors of each party to this Agreement and
their respective subsidiaries shall take all such necessary action as may be
reasonably requested by, and at the sole expense of, Parent.   ARTICLE
VI   CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER   Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation To Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each party to
effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the
Closing Date of each of the following conditions:   (a) Stockholder
Approval. This Agreement shall have been duly approved and adopted by the
requisite vote of the holders of Company Common Stock; and   (b) Statutes
and Consents. No statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or injunction
shall have been promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, or issued or be
applicable to the Merger by any Governmental Entity which prohibits,
restrains, or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger; provided that the
parties hereto shall use all reasonable efforts to cause any such statute,
rule, regulation, judgment, order or injunction to be vacated or lifted or
any such action or proceeding to be dismissed; and all domestic governmental
consents, orders, approvals and waiting periods required for the consummation
of the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been
obtained and shall be in effect, or with respect to waiting periods shall
have expired or been terminated, at the Effective Time.   Section 6.2
Condition to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger. The
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of the further condition (which
may be waived in whole or in part by Parent) that the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified by
materiality shall be true and correct, and the representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified shall be
true and correct in all material respects, in either case, as of the Closing
Date as though made on or as of such date, and the Company shall have
performed or complied with all material obligations, agreements and covenants
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it (including
without limitation the Company not having entered into any definitive
agreement or any agreement in principle with any person with respect to a
Takeover Proposal or similar business combination with the Company in
violation of Section 5.2), except, in the case of the failure of any
representation or warranty, for changes specifically permitted by the
Agreement and for those representations and warranties that address matters
only as of a particular date and are true and correct as of such date. Parent
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by its
chief executive officer and chief financial officer to such effect.  
Section 6.3 Condition to Obligations of the Company to Effect the Merger. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction
on or prior to the Closing Date of the further condition (which may be waived
in whole or in part by the Company) that the representations and warranties
of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are qualified by
materiality shall be true and correct, and the representations and warranties
of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are not so
qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in either case,
as of the Closing Date as though made on or as of such date, and Parent and
Merger Sub shall have performed or complied with all material obligations,
agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or
complied with by them, except, in the case of the failure of
any representation or warranty, for changes specifically permitted by
the Agreement and for those representations and warranties that address
matters only as of a particular date and are true and correct as of such
date. The Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of
Parent by its chief executive officer or chief financial officer to such
effect.   ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION   Section 7.1 Termination. Anything
herein or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement may be
terminated and the Merger contemplated herein may be abandoned at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after stockholder approval
thereof:   (a) By the mutual consent of the Parent and the Company.   (b)
By either of the Company or Parent:   (i) if any Governmental Entity shall
have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action in each case
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and such order, decree, ruling or other action
shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the party seeking
to terminate this Agreement shall have used all reasonable efforts to
challenge such order, decree, ruling or other action;   (ii) if the
Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before November 15, 2002 (the
"Outside Date"), provided, that a party may not terminate the Agreement
pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(ii) if its failure to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement results in the failure of the Effective Time
to occur by such time, provided, however, that the Outside Date shall be
extended day-by-day for each day during which any party shall be subject to a
nonfinal order, decree, ruling or action restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, provided further, however, that
the Outside Date shall not be extended past December 15, 2002;   (c) By the
Company:   (i) if the required approval of the stockholders of the Company
shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required
vote upon a vote held at a duly held meeting of stockholders or at any
adjournment thereof;   (ii) if it exercises its rights described in
clauses (x) or (y) of Section 5.2(b), provided that prior thereto or
simultaneously therewith the Company has paid the Termination Fee to Parent
in accordance with Section 7.3; or   (iii) if the representations and
warranties of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are
qualified by materiality shall not be true and correct in any respect, or if
the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this
Agreement that are not so qualified shall not be true and correct in all
material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date as if made on such date, or either Parent or Merger Sub
shall have breached or failed in any material respect to perform or comply
with any material obligation, agreement or covenant required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it, which inaccuracy or breach
cannot be cured or has not been cured within thirty (30) business days after
the Company gives written notice of such inaccuracy or breach to Parent,
except, in the case of the failure of any representation or warranty, for
changes specifically permitted by this Agreement, for those representations
and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date and are true
and correct as of such date, and for such failures as do not individually or
in the aggregate have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   (d) By
Parent:   (i) if the required approval of the stockholders of the Company
shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required
vote upon a vote held at a duly held meeting of stockholders or at any
adjournment thereof;   (ii) if the Board of Directors of the Company or
any committee thereof shall have withdrawn or modified, or proposed publicly
to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, its approval
or recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger, and other
transactions contemplated hereby, or approved or recommended, or proposed
publicly to approve or recommend, any Takeover Proposal, or the Board of
Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall have resolved to take
any of the foregoing actions; or   (iii) if the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified by
materiality shall not be true and correct in any respect, or if the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement
that are not so qualified shall not be true and correct in all material
respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
Date as if made on such date, or the Company shall have breached or failed in
any material respect to perform or comply with any material obligation,
agreement or covenant required by this Agreement to be performed or complied
with by it, which inaccuracy or breach cannot be cured or has not been cured
within thirty (30) business days after Parent gives written notice of
such inaccuracy or breach to the Company, except, in the case of the failure
of any representation or warranty, for changes specifically permitted by
this Agreement, for those representations and warranties that address matters
only as of a particular date and are true and correct as of such date, and
for such failures as do not individually or in the aggregate have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   Section 7.2 Effect of Termination. In
the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1,
written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other party or parties
specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such termination is made,
and this Agreement (other than Sections 7.2, 7.3, 8.4, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8, 8.9,
and 8.11 hereof) shall forthwith become null and void, and there shall be no
liability on the part of the Parent or the Company, except as provided in
Section 7.3; provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall relieve
any party for any intentional breach prior to any such termination of any of
the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements set forth in
this Agreement.   Section 7.3 Termination Fee; Expenses. Except as provided
in this Section 7.3 and except for the filing fee under the HSR Act
(which filing fee in all events shall be borne by Parent), all fees and
expenses incurred by the parties hereto shall be borne solely by the party
which has incurred such fees and expenses. In the event that (i) a Takeover
Proposal shall have been made known to the Company or shall have been made
directly to its stockholders generally or any person shall have publicly
announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a Takeover
Proposal and thereafter this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section
7.1(b)(ii), 7.1(c)(i), or 7.1(d)(i) hereof and such Takeover Proposal is
consummated within one (1) year of such termination or (ii) this Agreement is
terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(ii), or is terminated by the
Company pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(ii), then the Company shall pay to Parent
within one business day of such termination, or in the case of subclause (i)
upon such consummation, a termination fee equal to $8 million (the
"Termination Fee"), payable by wire transfer of same day funds. The Company
acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 7.3 are an
integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that,
without these agreements, Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into this
Agreement. In the event the Termination Fee becomes payable pursuant to this
Section 7.3, the Company shall also promptly pay upon Parent\'s request, all
reasonably documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Parent and
Merger Sub in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby (not exceeding $1 million in the aggregate), which
payments shall be in addition to the Termination Fee. The fee arrangement
contemplated hereby shall be paid pursuant to this Section 7.3 regardless of
any alleged breach by Parent of its obligations hereunder, provided, that no
payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.3 shall operate or be
construed as a waiver by the Company of any breach of this Agreement by
Parent or Merger Sub or of any rights of the Company in respect thereof. The
Termination Fee, if paid, shall be credited against any damages recovered by
Parent or Merger Sub from the Company arising from a breach of this Agreement
by the Company.   ARTICLE VIII   MISCELLANEOUS   Section 8.1 Amendment
and Modification. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended,
modified and supplemented in any and all respects, whether before or after
any vote of the stockholders of the Company contemplated hereby, by written
agreement of the parties hereto at any time prior to the Closing Date with
respect to any of the terms contained herein; provided, however, that no
amendment, modification or supplement of this Agreement shall be made
following the approval of this Agreement by the stockholders unless, to the
extent required, approved by the stockholders.   Section 8.2 Extension;
Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant
to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of Section 8.1, waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in this
Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert
any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a
waiver of such rights.   Section 8.3 Nonsurvival of Representations and
Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or
in any schedule, instrument or other document delivered pursuant to this
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time.   Section 8.4 Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed) or sent
by an overnight courier service, such as Federal Express, to the parties at
the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:  
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  1440 Kiewit Plaza  Omaha, Nebraska 68131 
Attention: Chief Executive Officer  Telephone No.: 402-346-1400  Telecopier
No.: 402-346-3375   with a copy to:   Munger, Tolles and Olson LLP  355
South Grand Avenue, Suite 3500  Los Angeles, California 90071-1560 
Attention: R. Gregory Morgan, Esq.  Telephone No.: (213) 683-9100 
Telecopier No.: (213) 687-3702   (b) if to the Company, to:   Garan,
Incorporated  350 Fifth Avenue  19th Floor  New York, New York 10118 
Attention: Chief Executive Officer  Telephone No.: 212-563-2000  Telecopier
No.: (212) 971-2253   with copies to:   Tannenbaum Dubin and Robinson, LLP 
1140 Avenue of the Americas  New York, New York 10036  Attention: Marvin S.
Robinson, Esq.  Telephone No.: (212) 302-2900  Telecopier No. (212)
302-2906   and   Simpson Thacher and Bartlett  425 Lexington Avenue  New
York, New York 10017-3954  Attention: Charles I. Cogut, Esq.  Telephone No.:
(212) 455-2550  Telecopier No.: (212) 455-2502   Section 8.5 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which
shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when two or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not
sign the same counterpart.   Section 8.6 Entire Agreement; Third Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments
referred to herein), together with the Confidentiality Agreement: (a)
constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, and (b) except as provided in Section 5.7 and Section
5.9(b) is not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties
hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. Section 5.7 is intended for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party (and his or
her heirs and representatives). Section 5.9(b) is intended for the benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, the four persons (and their respective heirs
and representatives) who are parties with the Company to the agreements
referred to therein.   Section 8.7 Severability. If any term, provision,
covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable or against
its regulatory policy, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions of  this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, so long as the economic
and legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby, taken as a
whole, are not affected in a manner materially adverse to any party
hereto.   Section 8.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia
without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof or of any
other jurisdiction.   Section 8.9 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor
any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by
any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without
the prior written consent of the other parties, except that the Merger Sub
may assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and
obligations hereunder to Parent or to any direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties
and their respective successors and assigns.   Section 8.10 Headings;
Interpretation. The descriptive headings used herein are inserted for
convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. "Include," "includes," and
"including" shall be deemed to be followed by "without limitation" whether or
not they are in fact followed by such words or words of like import.
"Knowledge" and "known" mean the actual knowledge after reasonable inquiry of
the executive officers of the Company (and including, with respect to Section
3.15, the Company\'s head of taxes) or Parent, as the case may be.  
Section 8.11 Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.
It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court of the
Commonwealth of Virginia or of the United States located in the Commonwealth
of Virginia in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and each party will not
attempt to deny or defeat personal jurisdiction or venue in any such court by
motion or other request for leave from any such
court.                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be signed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written
above.   Berkshire Hathaway Inc.   By: /s/ Warren E. Buffet 
----------------------------  Name:  Title:   BG Merger Sub Inc.   By:
/s/ Marc D. Hamburg  ----------------------------  Name:  Title:   Garan,
Incorporated   By: /s/ Seymour Lichtenstein  ---------------------------- 
Name: 
Title:                                  EXHIBIT
A  STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT   This STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"),
dated as of July 2 2002, is made and entered into among Berkshire Hathaway
Inc.,, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), BG Merger Sub Inc., a Virginia
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and each
party listed under the heading "STOCKHOLDER" on the signature page hereof
(each a "Stockholder" and collectively, the "Stockholders");   W I T N E S
S E T H:   WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder is
the beneficial owner ("beneficial owner," "beneficial ownership,"
"beneficially," and related terms, wherever used herein, within the meaning
of Section 13(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of
the number of shares of common stock, no par value ("Company Common Stock"),
of Garan, Incorporated, a Virginia corporation (the "Company"), set forth
opposite the Stockholder\'s name on Exhibit A hereto (the total number of
shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by the Stockholder, and any
other Company Common Stock or any stock option that the Stockholder acquires,
as record or beneficial holder, whether by means of purchase, dividend,
distribution, or otherwise, prior to the termination of this Agreement,
together with all associated Rights, being collectively referred to as the
"Shares");   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the Company, Parent, and Merger Sub are entering into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") of even date herewith,
which (upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein)
provides for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the
"Merger"); and   WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to enter into
the Merger Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have requested each Stockholder
to agree, and in order to induce Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the
Merger Agreement each Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this
Agreement.   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements hereinafter set
forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:   ARTICLE I  
STOCKHOLDERS\' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   Each Stockholder hereby
severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub
as follows:   Section 1.1 Due Organization and Authorization. Stockholder
(if not a natural person) is a corporation or limited liability company
duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is formed. Stockholder possesses the
requisite power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform this
Agreement, to appoint or cause to be appointed Merger Sub and Parent (or any
nominee  thereof) as its Proxy (as defined below), and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery, and performance of
this Agreement, the appointment of Merger Sub and Parent (or any nominee
thereof) as Stockholder\'s Proxy, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action of
Stockholder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by or on
behalf of Stockholder and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation
of Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its
terms, except as enforceability (i) may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to
creditors\' rights generally and (ii) is subject to general principles of
equity. Stockholder consents to each other Stockholder\'s execution,
delivery, and performance of this Agreement. There is no other beneficial
owner of any of the Shares or other beneficiary or holder of any other
interest in any of the Shares whose consent is required for the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or for the consummation by Stockholder of the
transactions contemplated hereby.   Section 1.2 No Conflicts; Required
Filings and Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Stockholder will
not, (i) conflict with or violate the certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of Stockholder (if
Stockholder is an entity), (ii) conflict with or violate any law applicable
to Stockholder or by which Stockholder or any of Stockholder\'s assets is
bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, acceleration, or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any
assets of Stockholder, including, without limitation, the Shares, pursuant
to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit, franchise, or other instrument or obligation to which Stockholder is
a party or by which Stockholder or any of Stockholder\'s assets is bound or
affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for such matters as
would not prevent or in any way impair Stockholder\'s ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.   (b) The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement by
Stockholder will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or permit
of, or filing with or notification to, any governmental or regulatory
authority, domestic or foreign, other than (i) filings under the HSR Act and
any similar foreign requirements, and (ii) any necessary filing under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   Section 1.3 Title to Shares.
Stockholder is the beneficial owner of the shares of Company Common Stock as
set forth opposite Stockholder\'s name on Exhibit A hereto (or shares
beneficial ownership as set forth on Exhibit A), free and clear of any
pledge, lien, security interest, mortgage, claim, proxy, voting restriction
or other voting trust, agreement, understanding, or arrangement of any kind,
right of first refusal or other limitation on disposition, adverse claim of
ownership, or other encumbrance of any kind, other than restrictions imposed
by securities laws or pursuant to this Agreement. Exhibit A also sets forth
the record owner of the Shares. As of the date hereof, Stockholder does not
own beneficially or of record any other shares of Company Common Stock or
option to acquire any such shares.   Section 1.4 Information for Offer
Documents and Proxy Statement. None of the information relating to
Stockholder and its affiliates provided in writing to the Company by or on
behalf of Stockholder or its affiliates specifically for inclusion in the
Proxy Statement will, at the times the Proxy Statement is filed with the SEC
or are first published, sent or given to stockholders of the Company, or at
the time of the special meeting of stockholders to consider the Merger,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.   Section 1.5 Acknowledgment. Stockholder, on behalf of
itself and its affiliates, acknowledges and agrees that neither it nor they
shall be paid or shall otherwise be entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s,
financial advisor\'s, or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement.   ARTICLE
II   STOCKHOLDERS\' COVENANTS   Each Stockholder hereby severally, and not
jointly, covenants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:   Section 2.1
Voting of Shares. Stockholder hereby agrees that from the date hereof until
the termination of the Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2 (the "Term"), at any
meeting of the stockholders of the Company however called and in any action
by written consent of the stockholders of the Company, in each case before
the Effective Time, Stockholder shall vote (or direct the record owner of its
Shares to vote) its Shares (i) in favor of the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, (ii) if so directed by Parent, against any Takeover Proposal and
against any proposal for action or agreement that would result in a breach of
any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of the Company under the Merger Agreement or which could reasonably be
expected to result in any of the Company\'s obligations under the Merger
Agreement not being fulfilled, any change in the composition of the board of
directors of the Company (except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement),
any change in the present capitalization of the Company or any amendment to
the Company\'s corporate structure or business, or any other action which
could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or
materially adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Merger Agreement or the likelihood of such transactions being
consummated, and (iii) in favor of any other matter necessary for
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement which
is considered at any such meeting of shareholders or in such consent, and in
connection therewith to execute any documents which are necessary or
appropriate in order to effectuate the foregoing, including documents
enabling Parent and Merger Sub or their nominee(s) to vote the Shares
directly.   Section 2.2 Proxy. Stockholder hereby revokes all prior
proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any of its Shares. During the
Term, Stockholder hereby constitutes and appoints Parent and Merger Sub, or
any nominee designated by Parent and Merger Sub, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution at any time during the Term, as its true and
lawful  attorney and proxy ("Proxy"), for and in its name, place, and stead,
in the Proxy\'s discretion to demand that the Secretary of the Company call a
special meeting of the stockholders of the Company for the purpose of
considering any matter referred to in Section 2.1 and to vote each Share held
by Stockholder as its Proxy in respect of any such matter, at every annual,
special, adjourned, or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company,
including the right to sign its name as stockholder (or to direct the record
owner to sign its name as stockholder) to any consent, certificate, or other
document relating to the Company that the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia
might permit or require. THE FOREGOING PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY ARE
IRREVOCABLE AND COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST THROUGHOUT THE TERM. Stockholder
will take such further action and execute such other documents as may be
necessary to effectuate the intent of this Section 2.2.   Section 2.3
Restrictions on Transfer, Proxies and Non- Interference. Stockholder hereby
agrees, until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.2, and
except as contemplated hereby, not to (i) sell, transfer, pledge, encumber,
assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or other
arrangement or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer, pledge,
encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of, any of the Shares (other
than to an affiliate of such Stockholder who agrees to comply with the terms
and provisions hereof with respect to the transferred Shares), (ii) grant any
proxies, deposit any Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting
agreement with respect to any Shares, or (iii) take any action that would
make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained herein untrue or
incorrect in any material respect or have the effect of preventing or
disabling Stockholder from performing Stockholder\'s obligations under this
Agreement.   Section 2.4 No Solicitation. Stockholder covenants and
agrees that, during the Term, it shall not, directly or indirectly,
solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, or take any other action designed
to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal from any person
(other than from Parent or Merger Sub) relating to any transaction that
constitutes a Takeover Proposal. Stockholder further covenants and agrees
that, during the Term, it shall not participate in any discussions or
negotiations (except with Parent or Merger Sub) regarding, or furnish to any
person (other than Parent or Merger Sub or if required by law or compelled by
subpoena or similar legal process) any information with respect to, or
otherwise cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in or
facilitate or encourage, any effort or attempt by any person (other than
Parent and Merger Sub) to make, any transaction that may constitute a
Takeover Proposal. Stockholder immediately shall cease and cause to be
terminated any existing discussions or negotiations of Stockholder and its
agents or other representatives with any person (other than Parent and Merger
Sub) with respect to any of the foregoing. Stockholder shall notify Parent
and Merger Sub promptly of any specific proposal or offer made to Stockholder
relating to a Takeover Proposal, or any substantive inquiry or contact made
to Stockholder specifically relating to a Takeover Proposal, and shall, in
any such notice to Parent and Merger Sub, indicate in reasonable detail
the identity of the person making such proposal, offer, inquiry, or contact
and the material terms and conditions of such proposal, offer, inquiry,
or contact. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Stockholder or (if Stockholder
is an entity) any officer, director, partner, agent or representative
of Stockholder is an officer of the Company or a member of the Board
of Directors of the Company, such Stockholder may, in his or her capacity
as such, take such actions, if any, as are permitted by Section 5.2 of
the Merger Agreement.   ARTICLE III   MISCELLANEOUS   Section 3.1
Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement, have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Merger Agreement, as it may be amended
from time to time; provided, that no amendments to the Merger Agreement
adverse to the interests of a Stockholder shall apply to this Agreement
unless consented to in writing by such Stockholder.   Section 3.2
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and
effect (i) by the written mutual consent of the parties hereto or (ii)
automatically and without any required action of the parties hereto upon the
earliest to occur of (A) the Effective Time, (B) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (C) the amendment of the
Merger Agreement without the written consent of the Stockholders that (x)
provides for a reduction in the Merger Consideration below $60.00 or (y)
changes the form of the Merger Consideration to other than cash, and (D)
December 31, 2002. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this
Agreement shall survive and continue in full force and effect with respect to
the Stockholder designated on Exhibit B hereto and to that number of Shares
beneficially owned by such Stockholder shown on Exhibit B hereto for a period
of twelve (12) months after the date of termination of the Merger Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i) or (ii) or 7.1(d)(i) or (ii) thereof to the
extent that such termination relates to or occurs following a Takeover
Proposal that is initially communicated to the Company or publicly
disseminated after August 7, 2002. The termination of this Agreement shall
not relieve any party hereto from any liability for any breach of this
Agreement prior to termination.   Section 3.3 Expenses. All costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.  
Section 3.4 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) upon hand
delivery, (ii) upon confirmation of receipt of facsimile transmission, (iii)
upon confirmed delivery by a standard overnight courier, or (iv) after five
(5) business days if sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, to the following address or to such other address
that a party hereto might later specify by like notice:   (a) If to Parent
or Merger Sub, to:   Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  1440 Kiewit Plaza  Omaha,
Nebraska 68131  Attention: Chief Executive Officer  Telecopy:
402-346-3375   with copies to:   Munger, Tolles and Olson LLP  355 South
Grand Avenue, 35th Floor  Los Angeles, California 90071-1560  Attention: R.
Gregory Morgan  Telecopy: (213) 687-3702   (b) If to Stockholders, to: 
c/o Garans, Incorporated  350 Fifth Avenue  19th Floor  New York, New York
10118  Attention: Chief Executive Officer  Telecopy:   with copies to:  
Tannenbaum Dubin and Robinson, LLP  1140 Avenue of the Americas  New York, New
York 10036  Attention: Marvin S. Robinson, Esq.  Telephone No.: (212)
302-2900  Telecopier No. (212) 302-2906   and   Simpson Thacher and
Bartlett  425 Lexington Avenue  New York, New York 10017-3954  Attention:
Charles I. Cogut, Esq.  Telephone No.: (212) 455-2550  Telecopier No.: (212)
455-2502   Section 3.5 Severability. In the event that any provision
in this Agreement is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in a
jurisdiction, such provision shall be modified or deleted as to the
jurisdiction involved but only to the extent necessary to render the same
valid, legal, and enforceable. The validity, legality, and enforceability of
the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby nor shall the validity, legality, or enforceability of such provision
be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction.   Section 3.6 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them,
with respect thereto.   Section 3.7 Assignment. No party may assign or
delegate this Agreement or any right, interest, or obligation hereunder,
provided that Parent or Merger Sub, in its sole discretion, may assign or
delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent without obtaining the consent of any other
party hereto; provided further that any such assignment or delegation shall
not relieve Parent or Merger Sub from liability hereunder.   Section 3.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure solely
to the benefit of, and be enforceable by only the parties hereto, their
respective successors, and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person, other
than the parties hereto, their respective successors, and permitted assigns,
any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities of any nature
whatsoever.   Section 3.9 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Each Stockholder
hereby waives any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent from the
Merger.   Section 3.10 Further Assurance. Each party hereto shall
execute and deliver such additional documents and take all such further
action as may be necessary or desirable to consummate and make effective, in
the most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.   Section 3.11 Certain Events. Each Stockholder agrees that
this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall attach to Stockholder\'s
Shares and shall be binding upon any person or entity to which legal or
beneficial ownership of such Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law
or otherwise. Notwithstanding any transfer of Shares, the transferor
shall remain liable for the performance of all obligations under this
Agreement.   Section 3.12 No Waiver. The failure of any party hereto
to exercise any right, power, or remedy provided under this Agreement
or otherwise available at law or in equity, the failure of any party hereto
to insist upon compliance by any other party hereto with its
obligations hereunder, or the existence of any custom or practice of the
parties at variance with the terms hereof shall not constitute a waiver by
such party of its right to exercise any such or other right, power, or remedy
or to demand such compliance.   Section 3.13 Specific Performance. The
parties hereto acknowledge that irreparable damage would occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the
parties agree that an aggrieved party shall be entitled to injunctive relief
to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms
and provisions hereof in any court having jurisdiction, this being in
addition to any other right or remedy to which such party may be entitled
under this Agreement, at law, or in equity.   Section 3.14 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to provisions
thereof relating to conflicts of law.   Section 3.15 Headings. The
descriptive headings in this Agreement were included for convenience of
reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.   Section 3.16 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.                IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have each caused this Agreement to be executed in a manner sufficient
to bind them as of the date first written above.   Berkshire Hathaway
Inc.   By:  -------------------------  Its:  ------------------------  
BG Merger Sub Inc.   By:  -------------------------  Its: 
------------------------   Stockholders:  
-------------------------------  Rodney Faver  
-------------------------------  Jerald Kamiel  
-------------------------------  Seymour Lichtenstein  
-------------------------------  William J.
Wilson                           Exhibit A   No.
of Shares of Name of Beneficial No. of Shares of Company Common Stock and
Record Owner Company Common Stock Subject to Option ------------------
--------------------
--------------------                                                     
Exhibit B   No. of Shares of Name of Beneficial and Record Owner Company
Common Stock -----------------------------------
--------------------                '

