 Exhibit 2.2     AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER     by and between    MIV ACQUISITION CORPORATION   
and    MARK IV INDUSTRIES, INC.          Dated as of May 26,
2000       TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I THE MERGER  SECTION 1.1
The Merger . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1  1.2 Conversion
or Cancellation of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . 2  1.3 Surrender and Payment.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3  1.4 Dissenting Shares. . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 5  1.5 Stock Options. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . 5 ARTICLE II THE SURVIVING CORPORATION  SECTION 2.1 Certificate
of Incorporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6  2.2 By-laws. . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6  2.3 Directors and Officers . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . 6 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY  SECTION 3.1 Corporate Existence and Power. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. 6  3.2 Corporate Authorization. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7  3.3
Governmental Authorization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7  3.4 Non-
Contravention. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8  3.5 Capital Stock.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8  3.6 Subsidiaries . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9  3.7 SEC Filings. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .10  3.8 Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . .10  3.9 Undisclosed Liabilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .11 
3.10 Information in Disclosure Documents. . . . . . . . . . . .11  3.11
Absence of Certain Changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .11  3.12 Litigation
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13  3.13 Taxes. . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13  3.14 ERISA and Employment Matters .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .14  3.15 Financial Advisers\' Fees . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . .16  3.16 Environmental Laws and Regulations . . . . . . . .
. . . .16  3.17 Intellectual Property. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.17  3.18 Compliance with Instruments and Laws . . . . . . . . . . .18  3.19
Rights Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18  3.20 Title to
Assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18  3.21 Contracts. . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19  3.22 Customers and Suppliers. . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19  3.24 Prohibited Payments. . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .19  3.25 Opinion of Financial Advisor . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . .20  3.26 Board Recommendation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.20  3.27 Required Company Vote. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.20 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERGER SUB  SECTION 4.1
Corporate Existence and Power. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20  4.2 Corporate
Authorization. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21  4.3 Governmental
Authorization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21  4.4 Non-Contravention. . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21  4.5 Information in Disclosure Documents.
. . . . . . . . . . .22  4.6 Financial Advisers\' Fees . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . .22  4.7 Financing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.22 ARTICLE V COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY  SECTION 5.1 Conduct of Business. .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22  5.2 Stockholder Meeting; Proxy
Material. . . . . . . . . . . .25  5.3 Schedule 13E-3 . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .25  5.4 Acquisition Proposals. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . .26  5.5 Access to Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27 
5.6 Tax Elections. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27  5.7 Benefit
Plans. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .28  5.8 Company
Cooperation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .28  5.9 Notice of Certain
Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29  5.10 Resignation of Directors . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29  5.11 Financial Statements, Etc. . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .29  5.12 Debt Offers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . .29 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF MERGER SUB  SECTION 6.1
Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30  6.2 Employee
Benefits. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31  6.3 Matters Relating to
the Bank Commitment Letter . . . . . .32 ARTICLE VII COVENANTS OF MERGER SUB
AND THE COMPANY  SECTION 7.1 Reasonable Best Efforts. . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . .32  7.2 Certain Filings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.32  7.3 Public Announcements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33  7.4
Further Assurances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33 ARTICLE
VIII CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER  SECTION 8.1 Conditions to the Obligations of
Each Party. . . . . . . .33  8.2 Conditions to the Obligations of Merger Sub.
. . . . . . .34  8.3 Condition to the Obligations of the Company. . . . . . .
.35 ARTICLE IX TERMINATION  SECTION 9.1 Termination. . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . .35  9.2 Effect of Termination. . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . .36  9.3 Fees, Expenses and Other Payments. . . . . . . . . . . .
.37 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS  SECTION 10.1 Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . .38  10.2 Non-Survival of Representations and
Warranties . . . . . .39  10.3 Amendments; No Waivers . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . .39  10.4 Successors and Assigns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.40  10.5 Entire Agreement;Governing Law;No Third Party Beneficiaries40 
10.6 Counterparts; Effectiveness. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .40  10.7
Invalidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .40  10.8 Titles . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .40  10.8 Knowledge. . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of May 26, 2000
(this "Agreement"), by and between MIV Acquisition Corporation, a
Delaware corporation("Merger Sub"), and MARK IV INDUSTRIES, INC., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company").  A. This Agreement provides for the
merger (the "Merger") of Merger  Sub with and into the Company, with the
Company as the surviving  corporation in such merger, all in accordance with
the provisions of  this Agreement.   B. The respective Boards of Directors
of Merger Sub and the Company  have approved this Agreement, and deemed it
advisable and fair to and  in the best interests of their respective
companies and stockholders  to consummate the Merger. The Company intends
promptly to submit to  its stockholders this Agreement for their
consideration of, and vote  on, the approval and adoption of this Agreement
and the approval of  the Merger upon the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.   C. As a condition to Merger Sub entering into this
Agreement, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement certain beneficial and record stockholders of the Company have
entered into an agreement (the "Stockholder Voting Agreement") providing for
certain actions relating to the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock"), together with the
rights(the "Rights") attached thereto pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated
as of May 17, 1995, between the Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust
Company (the "Rights Agent") and the First Amendment to the Rights Agreement,
dated as of May 19, 1999 (the "Rights Agreement") (each issued and
outstanding share of Company Common Stock and the Rights attached thereto are
referred to herein as a "Share" and collectively as the "Shares") owned by
such stockholders.   D. The parties desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also
to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.   AGREEMENT   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree
as follows:  ARTICLE I THE MERGER   SECTION 1.1 The Merger.   (a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time
(as defined below), Merger Sub shall be merged upon the terms and subject to
the conditions hereof with and into the Company in accordance with the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the "DGCL"),
whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and the Company
shall be the surviving corporation. The corporation surviving the Merger is
sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving Corporation".   (b) On
the Closing Date, each of the Company and Merger Sub will cause a certificate
of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") to be executed and filed with the
Secretary of State of the State Delaware as provided in Section 251 or
Section 253 of the DGCL and will make all other filings or
recordings required by the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger
shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later
time as is agreed upon by the parties hereto and specified in the Certificate
of Merger (the "Effective Time").   (c) From and after the Effective Time,
the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all
the properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and
Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts,
liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.   (d) The closing of
the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place (i) at the offices of Latham and
Watkins, 885 Third Avenue, Suite 1000, New York, New York, 10022,at 10:00
A.M., local time, on the first business day on which the last of the
conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof shall be satisfied or waived in
accordance with this Agreement,or (ii) at such other place, time and date as
Merger Sub and the Company shall agree. The date on which the Closing occurs
is herein referred to as the "Closing Date".   SECTION 1.2 Conversion or
Cancellation of Shares   At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action of the part of Merger Sub or the Company or the holder of
any shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of common stock of Merger
Sub:   (a) each Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall(except as otherwise provided in paragraph (b) of this Section 1.2 or as
provided in Section 1.4 hereof with respect to Shares as to
which dissenters\' rights have been exercised) be converted into the right
to receive from the Surviving Corporation $ 23.00 per Share, in cash,
without interest (the "Merger Consideration"), upon surrender of the
certificate formerly representing the Share as provided in Section 1.3;  
(b) each Share owned by Merger Sub or the Company or any other direct or
indirect Subsidiary of Merger Sub or the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled, and no payment shall be made with respect
thereto; and   (c) each share of common stock of Merger Sub
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and become one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation Common Stock") with the same rights, powers and
privileges as the shares so converted.   SECTION 1.3 Surrender and
Payment.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall appoint
as agent (the "Exchange Agent") a commercial bank or trust company,
reasonably acceptable to the Company and having at least $50,000,000 in
capital, surplus and undivided profits, for the purpose of exchanging
certificates representing Shares for the Merger Consideration which holders
of such certificates are entitled to receive pursuant to this Article I.
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall deposit in trust
with the Exchange Agent cash in an aggregate amount equal to the product of
(i) the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(other than the Shares owned by Merger Sub or the Company and any direct or
indirect subsidiary of Merger Sub or the Company, and Shares as to which
dissenters\' rights have been exercised as of the Effective Time) and (ii)
the Merger Consideration (such amount being hereinafter referred to as the
"Payment Fund"). The Payment Fund shall be invested by the Exchange Agent as
directed by Merger Sub (so long as such directions do not impair the rights
of the holders of Shares) in direct obligations of the United States of
America, obligations for which the full faith and credit of the United States
of America is pledged to provide for the payment of principal and interest,
and any net earnings with respect thereto shall be paid to Merger Sub as and
when requested by Merger Sub. The Exchange Agent shall, pursuant to
irrevocable instructions, make the payments referred to in Section 1.3(b) out
of the Payment Fund. The Payment Fund shall not be used for any other purpose
except as provided herein. Promptly after the Effective Time, Merger Sub will
send, or will cause the Exchange Agent to send, to each holder of record of
a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented outstanding Shares, other than holders of certificates
which represent Shares canceled and retired pursuant to Section 1.2(b)
hereof, (i) a letter of transmittal for use in such exchange (which shall
specify that the delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title shall
pass, only upon proper delivery of the certificates representing Shares to
the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender
of certificates for payment therefor (the "Exchange Instructions").   (b)
Each holder of certificates representing Shares that have been converted into
a right to receive the Merger Consideration which holders of such
certificates are entitled to receive pursuant to this Article I,
upon surrender to the Exchange Agent of a certificate or certificates
representing such Shares, together with a properly completed and executed
letter of transmittal covering such Shares and any other documents reasonably
required by the Exchange Instructions, will promptly receive the Merger
Consideration payable in respect of such Shares as provided in this Article
I, without any interest thereon, less any required withholding of taxes, and
the certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. Until so
surrendered, each such certificate shall, and after the Effective
Time,represent for all purposes only the right to receive such Merger
Consideration except as otherwise provided herein or by applicable law.  
(c) If any certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of
an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the
posting by such Person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving
Corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against it with respect to such certificate, the Exchange Agent shall issue
in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate the Merger
Consideration.   (d) If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be
paid to a Person other than the registered holder of the Shares represented
by the certificate or certificates surrendered in exchange therefor, it shall
be a condition to such payment that the certificate or certificates so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and that the Person requesting such payment shall pay to the
Exchange Agent any transfer or other taxes required as a result of such
payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Shares or
establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been
paid or is not payable. The Exchange Agent may make any tax withholdings
required by law if not provided with the appropriate documents. For purposes
of this Agreement, "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a
partnership, a limited liability company, an association, a trust or any
other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision
or any agency or instrumentality thereof.   (e) After the Effective Time
the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and, thereafter,
there shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares. If, after the
Effective Time, certificates representing Shares are presented to the
Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled and exchanged for the
consideration provided for, and in accordance with the procedures set forth,
in this Article I.   (f) Any portion of the Payment Fund that remains
unclaimed by the holders of Shares 180 days after the Effective Time
(including, without limitation, all interest and other income received by the
Exchange Agent in respect of all funds made available to it) shall be
returned to the Surviving Corporation, upon demand, and any such holder of
Shares who has not exchanged his or her Shares for the Merger Consideration
in accordance with this Section 1.3 prior to that time shall thereafter look
only to the Surviving Corporation for payment of the Merger Consideration in
respect of Shares (subject to abandoned property, escheat and other similar
laws) as general creditors thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Surviving Corporation shall not be liable to any holder of Shares for an
amount paid to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property,
escheat or other similar laws.   (g) Any portion of the Merger Consideration
made available to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 1.3(a) to pay for
Shares, for which dissenters\' rights have been perfected shall be returned
to Merger Sub, upon demand.  (h) All cash paid upon the surrender for
exchange of certificates formerly representing Shares in accordance with the
terms of this Article I shall be deemed to have been paid in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the Shares exchanged for cash
theretofore represented by such certificates.   SECTION 1.4 Dissenting
Shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Shares
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who
has not voted in favor of the Merger and who has delivered a written demand
for appraisal of such Shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (the
"Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration as provided in Section 1.2 hereof, unless and until such
holder fails to perfect or effectively withdraws or otherwise loses such
holder\'s right to appraisal and payment under the DGCL. Such holder shall be
entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares in
accordance with the provisions of the DGCL, provided that such holder
complies with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL. If, after the
Effective Time, any such holder fails to perfect or effectively withdraws or
otherwise loses such holder\'s right to appraisal, such Dissenting Shares
shall thereupon be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective
Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without interest
thereon. The Company shall give Merger Sub prompt notice of any demands
received by the Company for appraisal of Shares, and, prior to the Effective
Time, Merger Sub shall have the right to participate in all negotiations and
proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Merger Sub, make
any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such
demands.   SECTION 1.5 Stock Options.   (a) Except as otherwise agreed to
in writing between the Company and the holder of any outstanding options to
purchase Company Common Stock ("Options"), and as consented to by Merger Sub,
immediately prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding Option granted
under the Company\'s Incentive Stock Option Plans whether or not then
exercisable, shall be canceled by the Company, and at the Effective Time, the
former holder thereof shall receive from the Company in consideration for
such cancellation an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the number of
Shares previously subject to such Option and (ii) the excess, if any, of the
Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share, if any, previously
subject to such Option, reduced by the amount of withholding or other taxes
required by law to be withheld (the "Net Value"); provided, however, that
with respect to the individuals listed on Schedule 1.5 (as such schedule may
be amended by Merger Sub, with the consent of any affected individual, from
time to time prior to the Effective Time), Options held by each such
individual representing an aggregate Net Value of not less than the amount
set forth opposite such person\'s name on Schedule 1.5 shall be retained and
shall not be cancelled.   (b) Except as provided herein or as otherwise
agreed by the parties, the Company\'s Incentive Stock Option Plans and any
provision under all other plans, programs or arrangements providing for the
issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of the capital stock of
the Company or any Subsidiary shall terminate as of the Effective Time, and
the Company shall ensure that following the Effective Time, no current or
former employee or director shall have any Option to purchase Shares or any
other equity interest in the Company under any of the Company\'s Incentive
Stock Option Plans.   (c) Prior to the Effective Time, the board of
directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") (or, if appropriate, any
committee administering the Company\'s Incentive Stock Option Plans) shall
adopt such resolutions or take such actions as are necessary to carry out the
terms of this Section 1.5.  ARTICLE II THE SURVIVING CORPORATION  
SECTION 2.1 Certificate of Incorporation. At the Effective Time, and without
any further action on the part of the Company or Merger Sub, the certificate
of incorporation of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall become the certificate of incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with applicable law, except
that the name of the Surviving Corporation shall remain "Mark IV Industries,
Inc."   SECTION 2.2 By-laws. At the Effective Time, and without any further
action on the part of the Company or Merger Sub, the by-laws of Merger Sub in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become the by-laws of
the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with applicable
law.   SECTION 2.3 Directors and Officers. From and after the
Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified
in accordance with applicable law or their earlier death, resignation or
removal, (a) the directors of Merger Sub at the Effective Time shall become
the directors of the Surviving Corporation and (b) the officers of the
Company at the Effective Time shall become the officers of the Surviving
Corporation.  ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  
The Company hereby represents and warrants to Merger Sub that, except as set
forth in the disclosure schedule delivered to Merger Sub concurrently with
this Agreement, which shall make reference to the particular Section of this
Agreement to which such disclosure relates (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"):   SECTION 3.1 Corporate Existence and Power.   (a)
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, and
is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction
where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business
requires it to be so qualified and in which the failure to be so qualified
would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect (as defined below). The Company has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. The Company is not in default under or in
violation of any provision of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Material Adverse Effect" or "Material
Adverse Change" means with respect to the Company any change, circumstance,
event or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all other
changes, circumstances, events and effects, is materially adverse to (i) the
business, operations, liabilities, assets, results of operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined
herein), taken as a whole, other than any change or effect arising out of
general economic conditions, or (ii) the right or ability of the Company or
its Subsidiaries to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) The Company has previously made available to Merger
Sub true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws
of the Company, as currently in effect.   SECTION 3.2 Corporate
Authorization. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and all agreements and documents
contemplated hereby. Subject only to the approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby by the majority of all the votes entitled to
be cast on the Merger by the holders of the Shares, the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a
valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with its terms, except to the extent such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of
creditors\' rights and by the availability of equitable remedies.   SECTION
3.3 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions (including the Merger) contemplated hereby require no consent,
waiver, agreement, approval, permit or authorization of, or declaration,
filing, notice or registration to or with, any governmental body, agency,
official or authority other than (a) the filing of the Certificate of Merger
in accordance with the DGCL; (b) compliance with any applicable requirements
of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"); (c) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder; (d) state securities or "blue sky" laws;
(e) such filings, consents, approvals, orders, registrations and declarations
as may be required under the laws of any foreign country in which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries conducts any business or owns any assets; and (f)
such other actions, filings, approvals and consents, the failure to make or
obtain which would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.4 Non-Contravention. The execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not
and will not, assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 3.3
hereof and subject to Section 7.2 hereof, (a) conflict with or violate any
provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or
any of its Material Subsidiaries, (b) contravene or conflict with or
constitute a violation of any provision of any law, statute, rule,
regulation, ordinance, code, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding
upon or applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration or any loss of material benefits to the Company
or any Subsidiary) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a
party or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or under
any permit relating to the operation of the business of the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries, or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (as
defined below) on any asset of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, with
such exceptions with respect to the matters referred to in clauses (b)through
(d) as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, "Lien" means, with respect to
any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, claim, security interest or
encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term "Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company
that constitutes a "significant subsidiary" (as such term is defined in
Section 1.02(v) of Regulation S-X of the SEC) of the Company; provided,
however that for purposes of this definition, all references in Section
1.02(v) to 10% shall be deemed to be 2%.   SECTION 3.5 Capital Stock.  
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (none of which are issued or
outstanding), and 200,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock. As of May 26,
2000, there were (i)44,361,427 shares of Company Common Stock outstanding,
(ii) an aggregate of 8,380,952 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for
issuance upon conversion of the Company\'s outstanding 4 3/4 % Convertible
Notes, due 2004 (the "4 3/4% Notes"), and (iii) an aggregate of 2,445,634
shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of
outstanding Options pursuant to the Incentive Stock Option Plans. The Company
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of the holders and the exercise prices
for all outstanding Options. Other than the 4 3/4 % Notes, the Company has no
outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of
which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or exercisable
for securities having the right to vote) with the stockholders of the Company
on any matter.   (b) All outstanding Shares have been duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
rights. Except as set forth in paragraph(a) of this Section 3.5 and the
Rights, no Stock Rights (as defined below) are authorized,issued or
outstanding with respect to the capital stock of the Company. Except as set
forth in paragraph (a) of this Section 3.5 and except for changes since May
26, 2000 resulting from the exercise of Stock Options outstanding on such
date, there are (x) no shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
the Company, (y) no securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
voting securities of the Company, and (z) no options or other rights to
acquire from the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, and no obligation
of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital
stock or voting securities (or cash or other property in lieu of such stock
or securities) of the Company (the items in clauses (x), (y) and (z) being
referred to collectively as the "Company Securities"). There are no
outstanding obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities. As of the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will have no obligation to issue,
transfer or sell any shares of capital stock or other securities of the
Company or the Surviving Corporation except for any such obligations entered
into or approved by Merger Sub. Schedule 3.5 (b) sets forth the total amount
of indebtedness for borrowed money and the total amount of cash on hand of
the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of April 30,
2000. For purposes of this Agreement, "Stock Rights" mean (i) subscriptions,
calls, warrants, options, rights and other arrangements or commitments of any
kind which obligate an entity to issue or dispose of any of its capital stock
or other equity securities, (ii) securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other equity securities, and
(iii) stock appreciation rights, performance units and other similar stock
based rights whether they obligate the issuer thereof to issue stock or other
securities or to pay cash.   (c) Other than the Stockholder Voting
Agreement, the Company is not a party to any stockholder agreements, voting
trusts, proxies or other agreements or understandings with respect to or
concerning the purchase, sale or voting of the capital stock of the Company,
and to the knowledge of the Company, there are no such agreements, trusts,
proxies, other agreements or understandings with respect to which the Company
is not a party.   SECTIONS 3.6 Subsidiaries.   (a) Schedule 3.6 lists each
subsidiary of the Company and its jurisdiction of organization (collectively,
the "Subsidiaries"). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.6, the Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding capital stock (or other
ownership interests) of each of the Subsidiaries. Except as shown on Schedule
3.6, the Company is the beneficial owner of all of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each Subsidiary, free and clear of any and all Liens. Except
as shown on Schedule 3.6, the Company and its Subsidiaries have no
investments(whether through acquisition of an equity interest or otherwise)
in any other person, joint venture, business, corporation, partnership, trust
or other entity with a fair market value in excess of $25.0 million. All of
the shares of capital stock of each Material Subsidiary have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable, were
issued and sold in accordance with federal and applicable state securities
laws and were not issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar
rights. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.6, there are no (i) Stock Rights of
any of the Subsidiaries or (ii) commitments or obligations of any kind or
character for (A) the issuance of capital stock or Stock Rights of any of the
Subsidiaries or (B) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition of any
capital stock or Stock Rights of any of the Subsidiaries. There are no
stockholder agreements, voting trusts, proxies or other agreements or
understandings with respect to or concerning the purchase, sale or voting of
the capital stock or Stock Rights of any of the Subsidiaries.   (b) Each of
the Subsidiaries is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated,
and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each
jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its
business requires it to be so qualified and in which the failure to be so
qualified would either individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. Each of the Subsidiaries has all requisite corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. The Company has made available to Merger Sub
true, correct and complete copies of each of its Material Subsidiaries\'
certificate of incorporation and by-laws (in each case, as amended to date).
None of the Subsidiaries is in default under or in violation of any provision
of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws.   SECTIONS 3.7 SEC
Filings.   (a) Since March 1, 1997, the Company has timely filed all
forms, reports, statements, schedules and other documents (the "Company
Filings") with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") required to
be filed by the Company pursuant to the federal securities laws. As of
their respective dates, the Company Filings (i) complied in all material
respects with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and (ii)
did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not false or misleading.   (b) The Company has previously
delivered or made available to Merger Sub (i) its annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2000, (ii) its proxy statement
relating to the meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on July 14,
1999 and (iii) all of its other forms, reports, statements, schedules and
other documents filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act since March 1, 2000
(the items described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) are collectively referred
to as the "Recent Filings").   SECTION 3.8 Financial Statements. The audited
consolidated financial statements and unaudited consolidated interim
financial statements of the Company included in the Recent Filings (the
"Financial Statements") or incorporated by reference, (i) comply as to form
in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto; (ii) have
been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, and
sound bookkeeping practices and (iii) fairly present, in all material
respects, in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, the
consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the
dates thereof, and their consolidated results of operations, stockholders\'
equity and cash flows for the periods then ended (except (x) in the case
of unaudited interim statements, normal year-end adjustments and the absence
of notes and (y) as otherwise indicated in such financial statements and
the notes thereto).   SECTION 3.9 Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set
forth in the Financial Statements, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued,
contingent or otherwise) which would be required to be reflected on a balance
sheet or in the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles, except for liabilities and
obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice since February 29, 2000 which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.10 Information in
Disclosure Documents. The proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") to be
mailed to the stockholders of the Company in connection with the special
meeting of the stockholders of the Company (the "Special Meeting") in
connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby and the
Schedule 13E-3, if filed, and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto
(excluding any information supplied in writing by Merger Sub specifically for
inclusion therein), when, in the case of the Proxy Statement, mailed and at
the time of the Special Meeting, and in the case of the Schedule 13E-3, when
and if filed, shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not false or misleading, and shall comply, in all material
respects as to form, with all requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, as applicable.   SECTION 3.11 Absence of Certain Changes.
Except as disclosed in the Recent Filings, as contemplated by this Agreement
or as set forth in Section 3.11 to the Company Disclosure Schedule, since
February 29, 2000, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
business in the ordinary course in accordance with their customary practices,
and there has not been:   (a) any event or occurrence which has had,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;   (b) except
for quarterly dividends, any declaration, setting aside or payment of any
dividend or other distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of
the Company, or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock
or other securities of, or other ownership interests in, the Company;   (c)
any revaluation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any of their
respective material assets, including, without limitation, write-downs of
inventory or write-offs of accounts receivable other than in the ordinary
course of business in accordance with their customary practices that have not
had a Material Adverse Effect;   (d) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee
by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any outstanding amount of
indebtedness for borrowed money, other than in the ordinary course of
business in accordance with their customary practices, or any loan or advance
by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries to any other person, other than
advances consistent with their customary practices that are not material;  
(e) any transaction or commitment made, or any contract or agreement entered
into, by the Company or any of the Material Subsidiaries relating to their
respective material assets or businesses (including the acquisition or
disposition of any assets) or any relinquishment by the Company or any of the
Material Subsidiaries of any material contract or other material right, other
than transactions and commitments in the ordinary course of business in
accordance with their customary practices;   (f) any damage, destruction or
other casualty loss (whether or not covered by insurance) that has resulted
in a Material Adverse Effect;   (g) except as required by generally accepted
accounting principles or applicable law in any relevant jurisdiction
applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, any change in any method of
accounting or accounting practice or policy or application thereof by the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries;   (h) any increase in (or commitment,
oral or written, to increase) the rate or terms (including, without
limitation, any acceleration of the right to receive payment) of compensation
payable or to become payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
their directors, officers, employees or consultants, except increases
occurring in the ordinary course of business in accordance with their
customary practices which are not material;   (i) any increase in (or
commitment, oral or written, to increase) the rate or terms (including,
without limitation, any acceleration of the right to receive payment) any
bonus, insurance, pension or other employee benefit plan, payment or
arrangement made to, for or with any director, officer, employee or
consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except increases
occurring in the ordinary course of business in accordance with their
customary practices which are not material;   (j) any entry by the Company
or any of its Material Subsidiaries into any collective bargaining agreement,
or any labor dispute, other than routine individual grievances, or any
activity or proceeding by a labor union or representative thereof to organize
any employees of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or any
lockouts, strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages or threats thereof by or with
respect to such employees; or   (k) any waiver of any material benefits of,
or agreement to modify in any material respect, any confidentiality,
standstill, non-solicitation or similar agreement to which the Company or any
Material Subsidiary is a party.   SECTION 3.12 Litigation. Except as
disclosed in the Recent Filings, there is no claim, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
threatened against or relating to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets before (or which could properly
be brought before) any court or arbitrator or any governmental or regulatory
body, agency or official which (i) could reasonably be expected to,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) in
any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction, settlement agreement or decree which could (i) reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect
or (ii) prevent or delay the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.13 Taxes.   (a) (i) All Tax returns and
reports (including information returns and reports) and amended or
substituted returns and reports required to be filed with any Taxing
Authority prior to the Effective Time by or on behalf of the Company or any
Material Subsidiary (collectively, the "Returns"), have been or will be filed
when due in accordance with all applicable laws (including any extensions of
such due date); (ii) as of the time of filing, the Returns correctly
reflected (and, as to any Returns not filed as of the date hereof, will
correctly reflect) the income (or other measure of Tax) and any other
information required to be shown therein; (iii) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have timely paid, withheld or made provision for all Taxes shown
as due and payable on the Returns that have been filed; (iv) the Company and
its Subsidiaries have made or will have made all required estimated Tax
payments due on or before the Effective Time; (v) the charges, accruals and
reserves for deferred and contingent Taxes reflected on the books of the
Company and its Subsidiaries are adequate to cover such Taxes; (vi) neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is delinquent in the payment of any
Tax or has requested any extension of time within which to file or send any
Return, which Return has not since been filed or sent; (vii) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted any extension or waiver of
the limitation period applicable to any Returns; (viii) to the Company\'s
knowledge, there are no pending or threatened claims against or with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax or
assessment; and (ix) there are no Liens for Taxes upon the assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except Liens for current Taxes not yet
due, except in the cases of clauses (ii) through (ix) of this Section
3.13(a), for such items as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect. Capitalized terms used in this Section 3.13(a) and
not defined in this Section 3.13(a) or elsewhere in this Agreement have the
meanings assigned to them in Section 3.13(b) hereof.   (b) For the purposes
of this Agreement, "Tax" (and, with correlative meaning, "Taxes" and
"Taxable") means (i) any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise, profits, license,
withholding on amounts paid to or by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property,
environmental or windfall profit tax, custom, duty or other tax, governmental
fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with
any interest or any penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by
any governmental authority (a "Taxing Authority") responsible for the
imposition of any such tax (domestic or foreign), (ii) liability of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the payment of any amounts of the type
described in clause (i) of this paragraph (b) as a result of being a member
of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for any Taxable
period and (iii) liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the
payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this
paragraph (b) as a result of any express or implied obligation to indemnify
any other Person.   SECTION 3.14 ERISA and Employment Matters.   (a) The
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all "employee pension
benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") and which are subject to ERISA)
(each, a "Pension Plan"), all material "employee welfare benefit plans" (as
defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA and which are subject to ERISA) (each, a
"Welfare Plan"), all material bonus, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation, excess benefit, stock, stock option, severance, termination
pay, change in control compensation, death benefit and fringe benefit plans,
and all material employment agreements maintained, sponsored, administered or
contributed to by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries or with
respect to which the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries has any
material liability for the benefit of any current or former employee or other
beneficiary, except in each case for any plan or agreement providing for
benefits which are required pursuant to any federal, state, local or foreign
law or regulation, (collectively, the "Plans"). Except as set forth on the
Company Disclosure Schedule, no Plan is or at any time within the six
calendar years preceding the date of this Agreement has been a "multiemployer
plan" within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA which is subject to Title
IV of ERISA. Within 10 business days following the date hereof, the Company
Disclosure Schedule shall set forth all material collective bargaining
agreements covering employees of the Company or any Material Subsidiary
within North America.   (b) With respect to each Plan (to the extent
applicable), the Company has provided or made available, or will provide or
make available prior to the consummation of the Offer, to Merger Sub, true
and complete copies of (i) the current Plan documents, including all
amendments, (ii) each trust agreement relating to such Plan, (iii) the most
recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) required to be filed with the IRS,
(iv) the most recent summary plan description, (v) the most recent actuarial
report or valuation and (vi) the most recent determination letter issued by
the IRS.   (c) All Plans have been administered in all material respects in
compliance with their terms and with the requirements of any applicable law,
including, but not limited to ERISA and the Code.   (d) No Pension Plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA for which the Company or a Material Subsidiary
of the Company was the contributing sponsor was terminated within six years
prior to the date hereof, or was terminated more than six years prior to the
date hereof unless the Company has no material contingent or actual liability
with respect to such plan as of the date hereof (other than in a standard
termination pursuant to Section 4041 of ERISA). Neither the Company nor any
of its Material Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction that may give rise
to liability under Sections 4064 or 4069 of ERISA. Neither the Company nor
any Material Subsidiary is subject to any lien imposed under Section 412(n)
of the Code or Section 302(f) of ERISA, whichever may apply, with respect to
any Pension Plan. Neither the Company nor any Material Subsidiary has any
material liability for unpaid contributions with respect to any Pension Plan.
Neither the Company nor any Material Subsidiary is required to provide
security to a Pension Plan which covers or has covered employees or former
employees of the Company under Section 401(a)(29) of the Code. Each Pension
Plan and each related trust agreement, annuity contract or other funding
instrument which covers or has covered employees or former employees of the
Company and intended to be qualified and tax-exempt under the provisions of
Code Sections 401(a) and 501(a) has received a determination letter that it
is so qualified and the Company has no knowledge of any facts which would
adversely affect its qualified status. The Company has paid all premiums (and
interest charges and penalties for late payment, if applicable) due the PBGC
with respect to each Pension Plan for each plan year thereof for which such
premiums are required. There has been no "reportable event" (as defined in
Section 4043(b) of ERISA and the PBGC regulations under such Section) with
respect to any Pension Plan as to which the reporting requirement has not
been waived. No filing has been made by the Company or any Material
Subsidiary with the PBGC, and no proceeding has been commenced by the PBGC,
to terminate any Pension Plan, except for any Plan terminated under the
standard termination provisions of Section 4041 of ERISA. No condition exists
and no event has occurred that could constitute grounds for the termination
of any Pension Plan by the PBGC. With respect to any "multiemployer plan" (as
defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(1) of ERISA) to which the Company or any
Material Subsidiary contributes or with respect thereto has any liability and
which is subject to Title IV of ERISA, no event has occurred in connection
with which the Company or any Material Subsidiary could have any liability
that would have a Material Adverse Effect.   (e) Neither the Company nor
any of its Material Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
trustee or administrator of any Plan, has engaged in a "prohibited
transaction," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, or a transaction
prohibited by Section 406 of ERISA that could give rise to any material tax
or penalty under Section 4975.   (f) At the end of its most recent plan
year, each Plan to which Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA is
applicable satisfied the minimum funding standards provided for in such
Section and all required installments (within the meaning of Section 412(m)
of the Code or Section 302(e) of ERISA), the due date for which is after the
end of the most recent plan year but prior to the date hereof, have been
made.   (g) Each Welfare Plan which covers or has covered employees
or former employees of the Company and which is a "group health plan," as
defined in Section 607(1) of ERISA, has been operated in compliance in all
material respects with provisions of Part 6 of Title I, Subtitle B of ERISA
and Sections 162(k) and 4980B of the Code at all times.   (h) With respect
to any plan covering employees or former employees of any Subsidiary
organized under the laws of or doing business in any country other than the
United States which if maintained or administered in or otherwise subject to
the laws of the United States would be an "employee pension benefit plan" as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (except for any such plan providing for
benefits which are required pursuant to any foreign law or regulation), to
the knowledge of the Company, each such plan has been maintained in all
material respects in compliance with its terms and with the requirements
prescribed by any and all applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations
(including without limitation any special provisions relating to the tax
status of contributions to, earnings of or distributions from such plans
where each such plan was intended to have such tax status) and has been
maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities.   (j)
The representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.12(d) and (f) are
also true with respect to any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained, sponsored, administered or contributed to
by any entity which is in the same "controlled group" (as defined in Section
4001(a) (14) of ERISA or Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code) as the
Company or any Material Subsidiary of the Company.   SECTION 3.15 Financial
Advisers\' Fees. Except for Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc. (the "Financial
Advisor"), whose fees will be paid by the Company, there is no investment
banker, broker, finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is
authorized to act on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who
might be entitled to any fee or commission from the Company, any Subsidiary
of the Company, Merger Sub or any of their affiliates as a result of
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. A true and
correct copy of the engagement letter between the Company and the Financial
Advisor has been provided to Merger Sub.   SECTION 3.16 Environmental Laws
and Regulations.   (a) Except as disclosed in the Recent Filings, (i) the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable,
federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to pollution or
protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata)
(collectively, "Environmental Laws"), except for non-compliance that
individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect,
which compliance includes, but is not limited to, the possession by the
Company and its Subsidiaries of all material permits and other governmental
authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance
with the terms and conditions thereof; and (ii) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of, or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is the subject of, any action, cause of action, claim,
investigation, demand or notice by any person or entity alleging liability
under or noncompliance with any Environmental Law (an "Environmental Claim");
and (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, there have been no releases of
hazardous substances at any facility owned or operated at any time by the
Company or its current or former subsidiaries, the response costs for which,
individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.  
(b) Except as disclosed in the Recent Filings, there are no Environmental
Claims which individually or in the aggregate would have a Material Adverse
Effect that are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Company, against any person or entity whose liability for any Environmental
Claim the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may have retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of law. To the knowledge of the
Company, no facts exists which reasonably would form the basis for any such
Environmental Claim.   (c) To the Company\'s knowledge, there are no
currently effective consent decrees, consent orders, judgements, judicial
or administrative orders or agreements (other than permits) with or Liens
by, any governmental authority relating to any Environmental Law which
regulate, obligate or bind the Company or its Subsidiaries.   SECTION 3.17
Intellectual Property.   (a) The Company or one of its Subsidiaries is the
owner of or has sufficient rights to use all items of intangible property,
including, without limitation, trademarks and service marks (whether or not
registered or applied for registration), trade names, brand names, patents,
patent applications, inventions (whether or not patented), trade secrets,
know-how, domain names, copyrights (whether or not registered or applied
for registration), and all other items of intangible property
(collectively, "Intellectual Property"), which individually or in the
aggregate are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
currently conducted, taken as a whole, free and clear of any liens or
encumbrances. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries is the owner of, has
sufficient rights to use, or is a licensee under a valid license for, all
Intellectual Property which is used in the business of the Company or its
Subsidiaries as currently conducted, except where the failure to own or have
sufficient rights to use or have a valid license to such Intellectual
Property would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3.17(a), there are no claims pending or, to the Company\'s
knowledge, threatened, that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
infringing or in violation of any Intellectual Property of any third party
which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
Company\'s knowledge, no third party has interfered with, infringed upon,
misappropriated, or violated in any material respect any Intellectual
Property rights of the Company which could be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company has taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of the Intellectual Property. All
payments, including maintenance fees, and all filings and registrations have
been made with respect to the Intellectual Property so as to maintain the
Intellectual Property in full force and effect.   (b) Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Mark IV Industries Limited/Industries Mark IV
Limitee, one of the Company\'s Subsidiaries, is the licensee under that
certain Patent License and Technology Transfer Agreement, dated September 2,
1987, with EID Electronic Identification Systems, Ltd., as licensor (the
"IVHS License"), and has valid and exclusive rights to the technology and
intellectual property licensed to it thereunder. The Company has delivered to
Merger Sub a true, correct and complete copy of the IVHS License, together
with all amendments, modifications or supplements thereto to date. All
royalty and other payments due under the IVHS License have been timely paid
in accordance with the terms thereof. There are no claims pending or, to the
Company\'s knowledge, threatened involving the Company or any of its Material
Subsidiaries relating to the IVHS License or the technology and intellectual
property licensed thereunder. To the Company\'s knowledge, no party to the
IVHS License is in breach thereof.   SECTION 3.18 Compliance with
Instruments and Laws. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or
has received any written notice to the effect that it is (or that the manner
in which any of them conducts its business is), in breach or violation of, or
in default under, any term or provision of (i) its certificate of
incorporation and by-laws, (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which it is
a party or by which it is or may be bound or to which any of its properties
or assets is or may be subject, the effect of which breach or default, either
individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or
(iii) except as disclosed pursuant to any other Section of this Article III,
any law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, judgment, injunction,
order or decree binding upon or applicable to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or of any arbitrator, court, regulatory body, administrative
agency or any other governmental agency or body, domestic or foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties or assets and the effect of which breach, violation or
default, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material
Adverse Effect.   SECTION 3.19 Rights Agreement. The Company has taken all
actions necessary to render the Rights issued pursuant to the terms of the
Rights Agreement inapplicable to the Merger, this Agreement and the
other transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.20 Title to Assets. The
Company and its Subsidiaries own,  or have valid leasehold or license
interests in, all assets used in the  conduct of their business except where
the absence of such ownership,  leasehold or license interests would not,
individually or in the aggregate,  have a Material Adverse Effect.  
SECTION 3.21 Contracts.   (a) The Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
list of all contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) that are
material to the business, operation, condition (financial or otherwise) or
results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
(ii) required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K of the
SEC, or (iii) that are non-competition or similar contracts that restrict
the geographic or operational scope of the Company\'s or its Material
Subsidiaries\' business or the ability of the Company or its Material
Subsidiaries\' to enter into new lines of business (other than (A) exclusive
distribution agreements providing for the right of a person to sell the
products of the Company and its Subsidiaries on an exclusive basis within a
defined territory, (B) sales agreements for private label products which
restrict the Company and its Subsidiaries from selling such products to other
persons and (C) other similar sales or distribution contracts entered into in
the ordinary course of business) (together, the "Significant Contracts").
Prior to the date hereof, the Company has made available to Merger Sub true
copies of each Significant Contract.   (b) Except as set forth in the
Company Disclosure Schedule, with respect to each Significant Contract, (i)
there is no default by the Company or its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any other party to any Significant Contract which,
individually or in the aggregate, would constitute a Material Adverse Effect,
and (ii) such Significant Contract is a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company or its Subsidiaries party thereto, is in full force and effect
and is enforceable against the Company or its Subsidiaries and, to the
knowledge of the Company, against each other party thereto in accordance with
its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by (A)
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent
conveyance or similar laws in effect which affect the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally or (B) general principles of equity, whether
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity.   SECTION 3.22 Customers
and Suppliers. The Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct
list of (a) the 10 largest customers of the Company and its Subsidiaries, on
a consolidated basis, in terms of sales during the twelve months ended
February 29, 2000, and (b) the 10 largest suppliers of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, in terms of purchases in the twelve
months ended February 29, 2000.   SECTION 3.23 Prohibited Payments. To the
knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not, directly
or indirectly, (a) made or agreed to make any contribution, payment or gift
to any government official, employee or agent where either the contribution,
payment or gift or the purpose thereof was illegal under the laws of any
federal, state, local or foreign jurisdiction, (b) established or maintained
any unrecorded fund or asset for any purpose or made any false entries on the
books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason, (c)
made or agreed to make any contribution, or reimbursed any political gift or
contribution made by any other person, to any candidate for federal, state,
local or foreign public office or (d) paid or delivered any fee, commission
or any other sum of money or item of property, however characterized, to any
finder, agent, government official or other party, in the United States or
any other country, which in any manner relates to the assets, business or
operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries, which the Company or its
Subsidiaries knows or has reason to believe to have been illegal under any
federal, state or local laws (or any rules or regulations thereunder) of the
United States or any other country having jurisdiction.   SECTION 3.24
Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of the
Financial Advisor on the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of
such date, the consideration to be received in the Merger by the Company\'s
stockholders (other than the individuals listed on Schedule 1.5) is fair to
such holders from a financial point of view and a signed copy of which
opinion shall be delivered to Merger Sub upon receipt by the Company.  
SECTION 3.25 Board Recommendation. The Board of Directors of the Company, at
a meeting duly called and held, has by unanimous vote of the directors
present at the meeting (i) determined that this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, taken together
are fair to and in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company and
has taken all actions necessary on the part of the Company to render
the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203 of the
DGCL inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger and the Stockholder
Voting Agreement and (ii) resolved to recommend that the holders of the
Shares approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein,
including the Merger.   SECTION 3.26 Required Company Vote. The affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding Shares is the only vote of the holders
of any class or series of the Company\'s securities necessary to approve
this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.
There is no vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company\'s
securities necessary to approve the Stockholder Voting Agreement.  ARTICLE
IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERGER SUB   Merger Sub hereby
represents and warrants to the Company that, except as set forth in the
disclosure schedule delivered to the Company concurrently with this
Agreement, which shall state with particularity the representation and
warranty herein, including section reference, to which such
disclosure relates (the "Merger Sub Disclosure Schedule"):   SECTION 4.1
Corporate Existence and Power. Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware
and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each
jurisdiction where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its
business requires it to be so qualified and in which the failure to be so
qualified would not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on Merger Sub. Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power
and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. Since the date of its incorporation, Merger
Sub has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as
contemplated by this Agreement or in connection with arranging any financing
required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 4.2
Corporate Authorization. Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all agreements and
documents contemplated hereby. The consummation by Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by all requisite
corporate action on the part of Merger Sub. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of each of Merger Sub, enforceable against Merger Sub in
accordance with its terms, except to the extent such enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of
creditors\' rights and by the availability of equitable remedies.   SECTION
4.3 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by
Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby require no consent, waiver, agreement,
approval, permit or authorization of, or declaration, filing, notice or
registration to or with, any federal, state, local or foreign governmental or
regulatory body, agency, official or authority other than (a) the filing of
the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL, (b) compliance with
any applicable requirements of the HSR Act, (c) compliance with any
applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, (d) state securities or "blue sky" laws, (e) such
filings, registrations and declarations as may be required under the laws of
any foreign country in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries conducts
any business or owns any assets, and (f) such other actions,
filings, approvals and consents, the failure to make or obtain which would
not reasonably be expected to prevent the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger.   SECTION 4.4 Non-
Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by Merger Sub of this
Agreement and the consummation by Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the
charter or by-laws of Merger Sub, (b) contravene or conflict with any
provision of law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, judgment,
injunction, order or decree binding upon or applicable to Merger Sub, or (c)
result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or
lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration or any loss of material benefits to Merger Sub)
under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or
obligation to which Merger Sub is a party or by which any of its properties
or assets may be bound, with such exceptions with respect to the matters
refer to in clause (c) as would not reasonably be expected to prevent the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
Merger.   SECTION 4.5 Information in Disclosure Documents. The
information supplied by Merger Sub for inclusion in the Proxy Statement and
the Schedule 13E-3, if filed, and any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto, when, in the case of the Proxy Statement, mailed and at the time of
the Special Meeting, and in the case of the Schedule 13E-3, when and if
filed, shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not false or misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Merger Sub
makes no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied
by the Company or any of its representatives which is contained in or
incorporated by reference in any of the foregoing documents.   SECTION 4.6
Financial Advisers\' Fees. Unless the Merger is consummated, the Company will
not be responsible for the payment of any fees or commissions of any
investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary which has been
retained by or is authorized to act an behalf of Merger Sub who might be
entitled to any fee or commission upon consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.   SECTION 4.7 Financing. Merger Sub is a
newly formed corporation which has conducted no business other than in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Merger Sub
has executed a bank commitment letter (the "Commitment Letter") and letters
with respect to equity and other financing (the "Equity Letters," and
together with the Commitment Letter, the "Financing Letters"). Assuming full
funding under the Commitment Letter and the Equity Letters, Merger Sub would
have sufficient funds to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby,
including without limitation, the payment of the Merger Consideration and the
obligations of the debt offerings described in Section 5.12 of this
Agreement, to the extent consummated, and the payment of the related fees and
expenses (the "Financing"). Merger Sub has delivered true, correct and
complete copies of the Commitment Letter and the Equity Letters to the
Company. Each of the Commitment Letter and the Equity Letters is in full
force and effect as of the date hereof. Merger Sub is not, as of the date
hereof, aware of any fact, occurrence or condition that would cause the
Commitment Letter or the Equity Letters to be terminated or ineffective or
any of the conditions contained therein not to be met.  ARTICLE V COVENANTS
OF THE COMPANY   SECTION 5.1 Conduct of Business. From the date hereof until
the Closing, except as contemplated by this Agreement, as disclosed in
Section 5.1 to the Disclosure Schedule, or except as consented to in writing
by Merger Sub, the Company and the Subsidiaries shall conduct their business
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and shall use their
reasonable best efforts to preserve intact their business organizations and
relationships with third parties and to keep available the services of their
present officers and key employees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, from the date hereof until the Closing:   (a) the Company will
not declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) with respect to any
shares of capital stock of the Company or redeem, purchase or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, (other than regular quarterly dividends not in excess of $.0625 per
share of Company Common Stock made in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice or dividends from any Subsidiary of the Company to the Company
or any other Subsidiary of the Company);   (b) the Company will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue, deliver, sell, pledge or
otherwise encumber any shares of capital stock, any security convertible into
or exchangeable for capital stock or any option, warrant or other right to
acquire capital stock (other than the issuance of Shares pursuant to
outstanding Options and grants of restricted stock outstanding on the date
hereof);   (c) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will
adopt or propose any change in its certificate of incorporation or by-
laws;   (d) the Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, authorize, propose or announce an intention to authorize
or propose, or enter into an agreement with respect to, any merger,
consolidation or business combination (other than the Merger), or any
acquisition or disposition of assets or securities;   (e) the Company will
not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, split, combine,
subdivide or reclassify any shares of its capital stock;   (f) the Company
will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease,
license or otherwise dispose of any material assets or property, except
pursuant to existing contracts or commitments or in the ordinary course
business consistent with past practice;   (g) the Company will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) incur, create, assume or otherwise
become liable for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise
become responsible or liable for the obligations of any other individual,
corporation or other entity or (ii) make any loans or advances to any other
person or entity, except in the case of clause (i) for borrowings under
existing credit facilities in the ordinary course of business and, except in
the case of clause (ii) for advances to employees consistent with past
practice which are not material;   (h) the Company will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, assume or incur any Lien on any
material asset of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company;   (i)
except as required by law, the Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to (i) grant or make any change in control, severance or
termination payments to any officer or employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, except pursuant to plans or agreements in existence on the date
hereof and set forth on Schedule 5.1(i) or to be adopted after the date
hereof and described with reasonable particularity on Schedule 5.1(i), (ii)
enter into any option, employment, deferred compensation or other similar
agreement or any change of control or severance agreement (or enter into any
amendment to any such existing agreement) with any officer, director or
employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) accelerate, amend
or change the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock granted
to any officer, director or employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, except as contemplated by Section 1.5, authorize cash
payments in exchange for any options granted to any such persons, (iv)
increase, accelerate the timing of, or otherwise amend the benefits payable
under any existing severance or termination pay policies or agreements, (v)
enter into any collective bargaining agreement except in the ordinary course
of business, (vi) amend the terms of the Plans or adopt any new employee
benefit plans other than plans to be adopted after the date hereof described
with reasonable particularity on Schedule 5.1(i), or (vii) pay, or provide
for, any increase in compensation, bonus, or other benefits payable to
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for (A) normal
merit and cost of living increases not material in amount, and (B) except as
required by the terms of contracts or agreements or collective bargaining
obligations in effect on the date hereof or as necessary to comply with any
applicable law;   (j) the Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, take or agree or commit to take any action that would
make any representation and warranty of the Company contained herein
inaccurate in any respect at, or as of any time prior to, the Effective
Time;   (k) the Company will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, make or agree to make any material capital
expenditure except in accordance with the Company\'s capital expenditure plan
for the fiscal year 2000, a true, correct and complete copy of which has
been delivered to Merger Sub;   (l) the Company will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change any accounting principles or
practices except as required by any change in applicable accounting
standards;   (m) except as required by law, the Company will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, pay, discharge, settle or satisfy
any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), material to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than the payment, discharge or
satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities reflected or
reserved against in the Financial Statements (or the notes thereto) or
incurred thereafter in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, or waive any material benefits of, or agree to modify in any
material respect, any confidentiality, standstill, non-solicitation or
similar agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party; and  
(n) the Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any of the
foregoing actions proscribed by this Section 6.1, or enter into any contract,
agreement, commitment or arrangement to do any of the foregoing actions.  
SECTION 5.2 Stockholder Meeting; Proxy Material.   (a) The Company shall
cause the Special Meeting of its stockholders to be duly called and held as
soon as reasonably practicable for the purpose of voting on the approval and
adoption of this Agreement and the Merger. The directors of the Company shall
recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by the
Company\'s stockholders, shall not withdraw or modify such recommendation and
shall take all lawful action to solicit such approval; provided that the
Board of Directors of the Company may fail to make or may withdraw or modify
such recommendation, but only to the extent that the Board of Directors of
the Company shall have concluded in good faith after consultation with
outside counsel that such action is required to prevent the Board of
Directors of the Company from breaching its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of the Company under applicable law. In connection with any
Company Stockholder Meeting, the Company will (a) as soon as practicable
prepare and file with the SEC, use its reasonable best efforts to have
cleared by the SEC and thereafter mail to its stockholders as promptly
as practicable the Proxy Statement and all other proxy materials for
such meeting, (b) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the necessary
approvals by its stockholders of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (c) otherwise comply in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to the
Proxy Statement and the solicitation of proxies for the Special Meeting
(including any requirement to amend or supplement the Proxy Statement). The
Proxy Statement shall include the recommendation of the Company\'s Board of
Directors in favor of the Merger, unless otherwise required by the fiduciary
duties of the directors under applicable law as contemplated hereby.   (b)
The Proxy Statement shall not be filed and no amendment or supplement to the
Proxy Statement shall be made by the Company without reasonable advance
consultation with Merger Sub and its counsel. The Company shall advise Merger
Sub of any request by the SEC for amendment of the Proxy Statement or
comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information.   SECTION 5.3 Schedule 13E-3. If, in the opinion of the
Company\'s counsel after consultation with counsel to Merger Sub, the filing
with the SEC of a Transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 (the "Schedule
13E-3") in connection with the Merger is required by Rule 13e-3 under the
Exchange Act, the Company shall file the Schedule 13E-3 with the SEC at the
time of filing of the Proxy Statement. If the Schedule 13E-3 is filed, at the
time of any amendment to the Proxy Statement, the parties shall cause to be
filed with the SEC an appropriate amendment to the Schedule 13E-3.  
SECTION 5.4 Acquisition Proposals.   (a) The Company agrees that neither it
nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of it or
its Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall direct and use its best efforts to
cause its and its Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives
(including any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or
any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit,
encourage or knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing
information) any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer with
respect to (i) a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving, or any purchase or sale of all or any significant
portion of the assets or more than 15% of the common stock of, it or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (ii) any tender offer (including a self tender offer) or
exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person beneficially
owning 15% or more of any class of capital stock of it or any of its
Subsidiaries (any such proposal or offer (other than a proposal or offer made
by Merger Sub or an affiliate thereof) being hereinafter referred to as an
"Acquisition Proposal"). The Company further agrees that neither it nor any
of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of it or its
Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall direct and use its best efforts to
cause its and its Subsidiaries\' employees, agents and representatives
(including any investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or
any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, endorse an
Acquisition Proposal, grant any waiver or release under any standstill or
similar agreement with respect to any capital stock of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, have any discussion with or provide any confidential
information or data to any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or
engage in any negotiations concerning an Acquisition Proposal, or knowingly
facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an Acquisition Proposal
or accept an Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
or its Board of Directors shall be permitted to (A) to the extent applicable,
comply with Rule l4d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act
with regard to an Acquisition Proposal, (B) in response to an unsolicited
bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by any Person, recommend approval of
such an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal to the
stockholders of the Company or withdraw or modify in any adverse manner its
recommendation referred to in Section 3.26 hereof or (C) engage in any
discussions or negotiations with, or provide (subject to an appropriate
confidentiality agreement which shall not be less favorable to the Company in
any material respect than the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined herein)
and a copy of which shall be provided to Merger Sub) any information to, any
Person in response to an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal
by any such Person, if and only to the extent that, in any such case as is
referred to in clause (B) or (C), (x) the Board of Directors of the Company
shall have concluded in good faith after consultation with outside counsel
that such action is required to prevent the Board of Directors of the Company
from breaching its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of the Company under
applicable law and (y) the Board of Directors of the Company shall have
concluded in good faith after consultation with its legal and financial
advisors that such Acquisition Proposal (1) would, if accepted, result in a
transaction that is more favorable to the Company\'s stockholders (in their
capacities as stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (2) is reasonably likely to
be completed, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other
aspects of the proposal and the Person making the proposal (an Acquisition
Proposal meeting the requirements of clauses (1) and (2) being referred to
herein as a "Superior Proposal," provided that for purposes of this
definition the term Acquisition Proposal shall have the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 5.4 except that the reference to "15%" in the definition
of "Acquisition Proposal" shall each be deemed to be a reference to "50%");
provided, however, that the Board of Directors shall not take any of the
foregoing actions referred to in clauses (A) through (C) until after giving
24 hours written notice to Merger Sub with respect to its intent to take any
such action and informing Merger Sub of the terms and conditions of such
proposal and the person making it. The Company agrees that it will
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will take the
necessary steps to promptly inform the individuals or entities referred to in
the first sentence of this Section 5.4 of the obligations undertaken in this
Section 5.4.   (b) The Company and its Subsidiaries shall (i) promptly
notify Merger Sub of the terms of any written proposal which it may receive
in respect of any such Acquisition Proposal, including, without limitation,
the identity of the prospective purchaser or soliciting party and (ii)
provide Merger Sub with a copy of any such Acquisition Proposal, if written.
The Company shall keep Merger Sub reasonably informed of the status of any
such Acquisition Proposal.   SECTION 5.5 Access to Information. From the
date hereof until  the Effective Time, upon reasonable notice the Company
will (and will cause  each of its Subsidiaries to) give Merger Sub, its
counsel, financial advisors,  auditors and other authorized representatives
and the financial institutions  (and their counsel and representatives)
providing or proposed to provide  financing in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated  hereby full access during normal business
hours to its offices, properties,  books and records, will allow them to
inspect and make copies of contracts,  books and records and all other
documents and information that they may  reasonably request related to the
operations and business of the Company and  its Subsidiaries, will (and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to) furnish  to them such financial and
operating data and other information as they may  reasonably request, will
allow them to meet with designated personnel of the  Company or its
Subsidiaries and/or their representatives, and will instruct its employees,
counsel, financial advisors and accountants to cooperate with them in their
investigation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries; provided,
however, that no investigation pursuant to this Section 5.5 shall affect or
be deemed to modify any representation or warranty given by the Company to
Merger Sub hereunder. Unless otherwise required by law, Merger Sub and its
counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives
and the financial institutions (and their counsel and representatives) shall
hold any such information which is nonpublic in confidence in accordance with
the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement. The Company shall promptly
deliver to Merger Sub correct and complete copies of any report, statement or
schedule filed with the SEC subsequent to the date of this Agreement.  
SECTION 5.6 Tax Elections. With respect to Taxes, without the prior consent
of Merger Sub (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall make, revoke or change
any election, change an annual accounting period, adopt or change any
accounting method, file any amended Return, enter into any closing agreement,
settle a Tax claim or assessment relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes, consent to any extension or
waiver of the limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment
relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, or take any other action or omit
to take any action, if any such election, adoption, change, amendment,
agreement, settlement, surrender, consent or other action or omission could
have the effect of materially increasing the consolidated Tax liability of
the Company. Upon the commencement or scheduling of any Tax audit, the
assessment of any Tax, the issuance of any notice of Tax due or any bill
forcollection of any Tax or the commencement or scheduling of any other
administrative or judicial proceeding with respect to the determination of
any Tax, to the extent such matter could have the effect of
materially increasing the Tax liability of the Company, the Company shall
provide prompt notice to Merger Sub of such matter setting forth information
(to the extent known) describing any asserted Tax liability in reasonable
detail and including copies of any notice or other documentation received
from the applicable Tax authority with respect to such matter.   SECTION
5.7 Benefit Plans. Except as disclosed in Section 5.7 to the Disclosure
Schedule or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, during the period
from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the Effective Time, the
Company agrees as to itself and its Subsidiaries that it will not, without
the prior written consent of Merger Sub enter into, adopt, amend (except as
may be required by law) or terminate any of the Plans or any other employee
benefit plan or any agreement, arrangement, plan or policy between the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and one or more of their
respective current or former employees, directors or officers.   SECTION
5.8 Company Cooperation. The Company agrees to provide, and will cause its
Subsidiaries and its and their respective officers, employees and advisors to
provide, all cooperation reasonably necessary in connection with the
arrangement of any financing to be consummated contemporaneous with the
Closing in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, (i) participation in meetings, due diligence
sessions and road shows and (ii) reasonable ssistance in connection with
Merger Sub\'s or its banks\', underwriters\', placement agents\' or other
representatives\' preparation of offering memoranda, private placement
memoranda, prospectuses and similar documents. In addition, in conjunction
with the obtaining of any such financing, the Company agrees, at the request
of Merger Sub, to call for prepayment or redemption, or to prepay, redeem,
defease and/or renegotiate, as the case may be, any then
existing indebtedness of the Company; provided that any such prepayment or
redemption shall be conditioned upon and shall not actually be required to be
made until at or after the Effective Time.   SECTION 5.9 Notice of Certain
Events. The Company shall promptly notify Merger Sub of:   (a) any written
notice or other written communication from any person alleging that the
consent of such person is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (b) any written notice or
other written communication from any governmental or regulatory agency or
authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement;   (c) any claim, action, suit, investigation or
proceeding commenced or, to its knowledge threatened against, relating to or
involving or otherwise affecting the Company or any Subsidiary which, if
pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been
disclosed pursuant to Section 3.12 or which relate to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;   (d) any Material Adverse
Change; and   (e) the breach by the Company of any representation or
warranty contained herein that is qualified as to materiality, or a material
breach of any representation or warranty contained herein that is not so
qualified.   SECTION 5.10 Resignation of Directors. At the Closing, the
Company shall deliver to Merger Sub evidence satisfactory to Merger Sub of
the resignation of all directors of the Company, effective at the Effective
Time.   SECTION 5.11 Financial Statements, Etc. Within 30 days after
the end of each calendar month, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
provide Merger Sub with the interim consolidated financial statements
relating to such calendar month. Such interim financial statements shall (a)
be in accordance with the books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, (b) be prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods
covered thereby (except for the absence of footnotes) and present fairly and
accurately in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles the assets, liabilities (including, without limitation, all
reserves) and financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
the respective dates thereof and the results of operations, stockholders\'
equity and cash flows for the periods covered thereby.   SECTION 5.12 Debt
Offers.   (a) The Company shall, within 20 days of receiving any request
by Merger Sub to do so (but in no event earlier than 45 calendar days prior
to the date fixed by the Company for the holding of the Special Meeting of
its stockholders contemplated by Section 5.2 hereof), commence offers to
purchase, accompanied by related solicitations of consent regarding covenant
amendments, all of the Company\'s outstanding 4 3/4% Notes and the Company\'s
outstanding 7 3/4% Senior Subordinated Notes, due 2006 (the "7 3/4% Notes"
and collectively with the 4 3/4% Notes, the "Notes") on such customary terms
and conditions as are acceptable to Merger Sub, in the exercise of its
judgment in making debt tender offers on commercially reasonable terms to the
holders of the Notes (the "Debt Offers"). The Company shall waive any of
the conditions to the Debt Offers and make any other changes in the terms
and conditions of the Debt Offers as may be requested by Merger Sub, and
the Company shall not, without Merger Sub\'s prior consent, waive any
material condition to the Debt Offers or make any other material changes in
the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers. Notwithstanding the immediately
preceding sentence, Merger Sub shall not request that the Company make any
change to the terms and conditions of the Debt Offers that (i) decreases the
price per Senior Note payable in the Debt Offers or imposes conditions to the
Debt Offers or (ii) eliminates, changes, or waives the condition to the
Debt Offers that the Closing shall have occurred. The Company covenants
and agrees that, subject to the terms and conditions in the Debt Offers, it
will accept for payment and pay for the Notes as soon as reasonably
practicable after such conditions to the Debt Offers are satisfied and it is
permitted to do so under applicable law, provided that the Company shall use
reasonable bestefforts to coordinate the timing of any such purchases with
Merger Sub in order to obtain the greatest participation in the Debt
Offers.   (b) Promptly following the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall prepare, subject to advice and comments of Merger Sub, an offer
to purchase for each of the issues of Notes and forms of the related letters
of transmittal and summary advertisement, as well as all other information
and exhibits (collectively, the "Offer Documents"). All mailings to the
holders of Notes in connection with the Debt Offers shall be subject to the
prior review, comment and approval of Merger Sub. The Company will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Offer Documents to be mailed
to the holders of the Notes as promptly as practicable following receipt of
the request from Merger Sub under paragraph (a) above to do so. The
Company agrees promptly to correct any information in the Offer Documents
that shall be or have become false or misleading in any material
respect.  ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF MERGER SUB   SECTION 6.1
Indemnification.   (a) All rights to indemnification and permitted
limitations of liability for monetary damages existing in favor of the
present or former directors and officers of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as provided in the Company\'s certificate of incorporation or
by-laws or pursuant to any agreements previously disclosed by the Company to
Merger Sub in writing, or the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or
similar constitutive documents of any Subsidiary of the Company as in effect
as of the date hereof, with respect to matters occurring prior to the
Effective Time (including without limitation the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement) shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and
effect (to the extent consistent with applicable law) for a period of not
less than six years after the effective Time. For not less than six years
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall indemnify, defend
and hold harmless the present and former directors and officers of the
Company and its Subsidiaries against all losses, claims, damages or
liabilities arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time (including without limitation the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement) to the full extent provided by the Company\'s certificate of
incorporation or by-laws as in effect on the date hereof. In the event any
claim or claims (a "Claim or Claims") are asserted or made pursuant to the
preceding sentence within such six-year period, all rights to indemnification
in respect of any such Claim or Claims shall continue until final disposition
of any and all such Claim or Claims. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Surviving Corporation, to the extent permitted by applicable law, will
periodically advance reasonable expenses as incurred with respect to the
foregoing to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law; provided,
however, that the person to whom the expenses are advanced provides an
undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that
such person is not entitled to indemnification.   (b) Merger Sub shall
cause to be maintained in effect for not less than six years from the
Effective Time the current policies of the directors\' and officers\'
liability insurance maintained by the Company, or to the extent such coverage
is not obtainable at the per annum cost presently in effect, Merger Sub shall
purchase such coverage (on terms with respect to coverage and amount no less
favorable to such officers and directors than those of such policies in
effect on the date hereof) as may be obtained having a cost per annum not to
exceed 200% of the current annual premium paid by the Company with respect to
such current policies (and provided, further, that Merger Sub may substitute
therefor policies of at least the same coverage containing terms and
conditions which are no less advantageous to such officers and directors so
long as no lapse in coverage occurs as a result of such substitution) with
respect to all matters, including the transactions contemplated hereby,
occurring prior to, and including, the Effective Time; provided, however,
that, if any Claim or Claims are asserted or made within such six year
period, such insurance shall be continued in respect of such Claim or Claims
until final disposition of such Claim or Claims.   (c) In the event that the
Surviving Corporation or its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into another person and shall not be the continuing or surviving
corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all
or substantially all of its properties or assets to any person, then in each
such case, proper provisions shall be made so that the successors and assigns
of the Surviving Corporation shall assume the obligations set forth in this
Section 6.1.   (d) This Section 6.1 is intended to be for the benefit of,
and shall be enforceable, by the indemnified parties, their heirs and
personal representatives, and shall be binding on the Surviving Corporation
and its successors and assigns.   SECTION 6.2 Employee Benefits. For a
period of two years following the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to maintain employee benefit plans (except stock
option, restricted stock, stock purchase or other equity based programs,
plans and arrangements and change in control and severance plans) that are no
less favorable in the aggregate than the Plans (except stock option,
restricted stock, stock purchase or other equity based programs, plans and
arrangements and change in control and severance plans) in effect on the date
of this Agreement.   SECTION 6.3 Matters Relating to the Bank Commitment
Letter. In connection with the negotiation of the definitive financing
agreements contemplated by the Commitment Letter regarding the Financing
(the "Definitive Financing Agreements") (i) Merger Sub shall keep the
Company reasonably informed of the ongoing status of any such negotiations,
and (ii) Merger Sub shall conduct any such negotiations in good faith. Merger
Sub shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the closing of
the Financing on the terms set forth in the Commitment Letter as soon
as reasonably practicable and in any event on or before the expiration of
the Effective Date. Merger Sub shall not materially amend in a manner adverse
to the Company or voluntarily terminate the Commitment Letter or the
Equity Letters without the Company\'s prior written consent.  ARTICLE
VII COVENANTS OF MERGER SUB AND THE COMPANY   SECTION 7.1 Reasonable Best
Efforts. Subject to terms and conditions of this Agreement, each party will
use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary proper or advisable under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   SECTION 7.2 Certain Filings.   (a) Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement (including but not limited to Section
7.2(b) below), the Company and Merger Sub shall consult and cooperate with
one another (i) in connection with the preparation of the Proxy Statement
and, if applicable, the Schedule 13E-3, (ii) in determining whether any
action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or
official, or authority is required or any actions, consents, approvals or
waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any material contracts,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and (iii) in seeking any such actions, consents, approvals or
waivers or making any such filings, furnishing information required in
connection therewith or with the Proxy Statement and, if applicable, the
Schedule 13E-3 and seeking timely to obtain any such actions, consents,
approvals or waivers.   (b) Each of the Company and Merger Sub will make as
promptly as practicable all filings necessary under the HSR Act and other
applicable federal, state, local and foreign antitrust, competition and other
similar laws (collectively, the "Antitrust Laws") in order to obtain any
required regulatory approvals, clearance or expirations of waiting periods
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Subject
to the limitations contained in the last sentence of this Section 7.2(b),
each of the Company and Merger Sub shall use its reasonable best efforts to
resolve such objections, if any, as any governmental or regulatory
authorities with jurisdiction over the enforcement of any Antitrust Laws may
assert with respect to the Merger under any such Antitrust Laws. The parties
shall consult with each other when dealing with such authorities and
before submitting any application or other written communication to any
such authority.    SECTION 7.3 Public Announcements. Merger Sub and the
Company will consult with each other before issuing any press release or
making any public statement with respect to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and, except as may be required by applicable
law or any listing agreement with any national securities exchange or any
organization providing stock quotations, will not issue any such press
release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation. The
initial press release announcing the execution of this Agreement shall be
made jointly by Merger Sub and the Company promptly after the execution
hereof.   SECTION 7.4 Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto
shall use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, the Merger. At and after
the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation
will be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the
Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances
and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub,
any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or
otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest
in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company and
Merger Sub acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a
result of, or in connection with, the Merger.  ARTICLE VIII CONDITIONS TO
THE MERGER   SECTION 8.1 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party.
The obligations of the Company and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions on or prior to the
Closing Date:   (a) this Agreement shall have been adopted by the
stockholders of the Company in accordance with applicable law;   (b) all
necessary waiting periods applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act and
similar antitrust laws shall have expired or been earlier terminated;   (c)
no court or governmental or regulatory authority of competent jurisdiction
shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute,
rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether
temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and prohibits,
restrains or makes illegal consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; provided, however, that prior to invoking this condition, the
party so invoking this condition shall have used reasonable best efforts to
lift or remove such order, injunction, restraint or prohibition; and   (d)
all consents, approvals and licenses of any state, federal or foreign
governmental or other regulatory body required in connection with the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and for the Surviving
Corporation to conduct the business of the Company in substantially the
manner now conducted, shall have been obtained, unless the failure to obtain
such consents, authorizations, orders or approvals would not have a Material
Adverse Effect after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (including the Financing);   SECTION 8.2 Conditions to the
Obligations of Merger Sub. The obligations of Merger Sub to consummate the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions on or
prior to the Closing Date:   (a) no governmental or regulatory authority
shall have instituted any claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding
for the purpose of enjoining or preventing the transactions contemplated
hereby, or which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) all of the representations and warranties of the Company set
forth herein that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct,
and all of the representations and warranties that are not so qualified shall
be true and correct in all material respects, in each case on and as of the
Effective Time and at all times prior to the Effective Time (except to the
extent such representations and warranties are made as of a specific date, in
which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, or
true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such
date), and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate to such effect signed
by the President or a Vice President of the Company;   (c) the Company shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations arising under the
agreements and covenants required hereby to be performed by it prior to or on
the Closing Date, and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate to such
effect signed by the President or a Vice President of the Company;   (d)
since February 29, 2000, there shall not have been any Material Adverse
Change; and   (e) the funding contemplated by the Financing Letters shall
have  been obtained.   SECTION 8.3 Condition to the Obligations of the
Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger are subject
to the satisfaction of the condition on or prior to the Closing Date that (i)
all of the representations and warranties of Merger Sub set forth herein that
are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and all of
the representations and warranties that are not so qualified shall be true
and correct in all material respects, in each case on and as of the Effective
Time and at all times prior to the Effective Time (except to the extent
such representations and warranties are made as of a specific date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, or true
and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such date),
(ii) Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects all
obligations arising under the agreements and covenants required to be
performed by it prior to or on the Closing Date and (iii) the Company shall
have received certificates to such effect signed by the President or a Vice
President of Merger Sub.  ARTICLE IX TERMINATION   SECTION 9.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned
at any time prior to the Effective Time (notwithstanding any approval of this
Agreement by the stockholders of the Company):   (a) by mutual written
consent of the Company and Merger Sub at  any time;   (b) by either the
Company or Merger Sub:   (i) if the Closing shall not have occurred on or
before  November 30, 2000; or   (ii) if there shall be any law or
regulation that makes  consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise
prohibited or if any judgment,  injunction, order or decree enjoining Merger
Sub or the Company from  consummating the Merger is entered and such
judgment, injunction, order or  decree shall become final and non-appealable;
or   (iii) if, at a duly held stockholders meeting of the Company  or any
adjournment thereof at which this Agreement and the Merger is voted  upon,
the requisite stockholder adoption and approval shall not have been 
obtained;   (c) by the Company:   (i) if, prior to the Effective Time, the
representations and warranties of Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement
which are not qualified by "materiality" or "material adverse effect" shall
not be true in any material respect, and the representations and warranties
that are qualified by "materiality" or "material adverse effect" shall not be
true in any respect, at any time after the date hereof (except for those
representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular
date or only with respect to a specific period of time which need only be
true and accurate as of such date or with respect to such period), or Merger
Sub shall have breached or failed to perform or comply in any material
respect with any obligation, agreement or covenant required by this Agreement
to be performed or complied with by it, and, with respect to any such breach
or failure to perform that is reasonably capable of being remedied, the
breach or failure to perform is not remedied within 15 days after the Company
has furnished Merger Sub with written notice of such breach or failure to
perform; or   (ii) if, prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors
of the Company shall approve a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that (x)
the Company shall have complied with Section 5.4, and (y) prior to any such
termination, the Company shall, and shall cause its financial and legal
advisors to, negotiate in good faith for a period of at least three (3) days
with Merger Sub to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this
Agreement as would enable Merger Sub to proceed with the
transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that it shall be a
condition to termination by the Company pursuant to this Section 9.1(c)(ii)
that the Company shall have made the payment of the Termination Fee to Merger
Sub required by Section 9.3.   (d) by Merger Sub:   (i) if the Company
shall have materially breached any of its obligations under Section 5.4
hereof;   (ii) if the Board of Directors of the Company shall have (A)
withdrawn or modified or amended, in a manner adverse to Merger Sub,
its approval or recommendation of this Agreement and the Merger or
its recommendation that stockholders of the Company adopt and approve
this Agreement and the Merger, (B) approved, recommended or endorsed an
Acquisition Proposal (including a tender or exchange offer for Company Common
Stock); or (C) resolved to do any of the foregoing; or   (iii) if, prior to
the Effective Time, the representations and warranties of the Company set
forth in this Agreement which are not qualified by "materiality" or "Material
Adverse Effect" shall not be true in any material respect, and the
representations and warranties that are qualified by "materiality" or
"Material Adverse Effect" shall not be true in any respect, at any time after
the date hereof (except for those representations and warranties that address
matters only as of a particular date or only with respect to a specific
period of time which need only be true and accurate as of such date or with
respect to such period), or the Company shall have breached or failed to
perform or comply in any material respect with any obligation, agreement or
covenant required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it,
and, with respect to any such breach or failure to perform that is reasonably
capable of being remedied, the breach or failure to perform is not remedied
within 15 days after Merger Sub has furnished the Company with written notice
of such breach or failure to perform.   SECTION 9.2 Effect of Termination.
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.1, this Agreement shall
become void and of no effect with no liability on the part of any party
hereto (unless such termination is the result of deliberate breach of this
Agreement by such party); provided, however, that this Section 9.2, Section
9.3 and Article X of this Agreement shall survive the termination hereof.  
SECTION 9.3 Fees, Expenses and Other Payments.   (a) In the event that this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 9.1(c)(ii) hereof
or by Merger Sub pursuant to Section 9.1(d)(i) or Section 9.1(d)(ii) hereof,
or by Merger Sub pursuant to Section 9.1(d)(iii) hereof solely on the basis
of the Company\'s breach of any obligation, agreement or covenant required by
this Agreement to be performed by the Company but only if such breach arises
out of the bad faith or willful misconduct of the Company, the Company shall
pay to Merger Sub by certified check or wire transfer to an account
designated by Merger Sub, immediately following receipt of a request
therefor, an amount equal to $30,000,000 (the "Termination Fee"). In
addition, the Company shall pay in cash to Merger Sub the Termination Fee if
this Agreement is terminated (A) by the Company or Merger Sub pursuant to
Section 9.1(b)(i) or Section 9.1(b)(iii) at any time after an Acquisition
Proposal has been made by a third party (such third party, together with its
affiliates and other Persons acting in concert with such third party are
hereafter referred to as a "Third Party Acquirer"), which Acquisition
Proposal has been publicly disclosed prior to the termination of this
Agreement and, within one year after such a termination, the Company enters
into a definitive agreement with respect to, or consummates (i) a merger,
consolidation or other business combination with any such Third Party
Acquirer (or another party who makes an Acquisition Proposal at a time when
the Company is in discussions with any such Third Party Acquirer (such other
party, together with its affiliates and other Persons acting in concert with
such other party are hereafter referred to as the "New Third Party
Acquirer")), (ii) the sale or transfer to such Third Party Acquirer (or any
New Third Party Acquirer) of, or the acquisition of beneficial ownership by
such Third Party Acquirer (or any New Third Party Acquirer) of, 50% or more
of the Company Voting Securities (as defined herein) or (iii) the sale or
transfer of 50% or more (in market value) of the assets of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to any such Third Party Acquirer
(or any New Third Party Acquirer), upon which event the Termination Fee and
Expenses shall become immediately payable in cash. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Company Voting Securities" shall mean Company Common Stock or
securities of similar interests, warrants, options or other rights to acquire
Company Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of
capital stock of the Company which entitles the holder to vote generally in
the election of directors.   (b) Upon termination of this Agreement by the
Company pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(iii) hereof or Section 9.1(c)(ii) hereof
or by Merger Sub pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(iii), Section 9.1(d)(i), Section
9.1(d)(ii) or Section 9.1(d)(iii), the Company shall pay to Merger Sub,
promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than two business days following
receipt, of reasonable supporting documentation, all actual and reasonably
documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of Merger Sub in
connection with or in anticipation of the Merger, this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactionsn contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of their counsel and accountants
and investment banking fees) and the arrangement of, obtaining the commitment
to provide, or obtaining, the financing for the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (including any fees payable to the entities providing such
financing and their respective counsel) in an amount not to exceed $6,000,000
(the "Expenses").   (c) The Company acknowledges that the agreements
contained in this Section 9.3 are an integral part of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Merger
Sub would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails to
promptly pay any amount due pursuant to this Section 9.3, and, in order to
obtain such payment, the Merger Sub commences a suit which results in a
judgment against the Company for the fee or fees and expenses set forth in
this Section 9.3, the Company shall also pay to Merger Sub its costs and
expenses incurred in connection with such litigation.  ARTICLE
X MISCELLANEOUS   SECTION 10.1 Notices. All notices, requests and
other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including
facsimile or similar writing) and shall be given,   (a) if to Merger Sub,
to:   MIV Acquisition Corporation  Park Avenue Tower  65 East 55th Street,
Suite 2300  New York, NY 10022  Attention: President  Facsimile: (212)
891-2899   with a copy to:   Latham and Watkins  99 Bishopsgate, Eleventh
Floor  London EC2M 3XF  England  Attention: Michael S. Immordino, Esq. 
Facsimile: 44-20-7374-4460   and   Latham and Watkins  885 Third Avenue,
Suite 1000  New York, New York 10022-4802  Attention: Richard M. Trobman,
Esq.  Facsimile: (212) 751-4864   (b) if to the Company, to:   Mark IV
Industries, Inc.  501 John James Audubon Parkway  P.O. Box 810  Amherst,
New York 14226-0810  Attention: Sal H. Alfiero, Chairman of the Board  and
Chief Executive Officer  Facsimile: (716) 689-6098   with copies to:  
Lippes, Silverstein, Mathias and Wexler LLP  700 Guaranty Building  28 Church
Street  Buffalo, New York 14202-3950  Attention: Gerald S. Lippes, Esq. 
Facsimile: (716) 853-5199   and   Stroock and Stroock and Lavan LLP  180
Maiden Lane  New York, New York 10038  Attention: David L. Finkelman 
Facsimile: 212-806-6006  or such other address or facsimile number as such
party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other party
hereto. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective
when delivered or received at the address or facsimile number specified in
this Section.   SECTION 10.2 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties contained herein and in any certificate
or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall expire at and not survive
the Effective Time. This Section 10.2 shall not limit any covenant or
agreement of the parties hereto which by its terms contemplates performance
after the Effective Time.   SECTION 10.3 Amendments; No Waivers.   (a)
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, at any time before or
after approval of matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company, but after any such stockholder approval, no
amendment shall be made which by law requires the further approval of
stockholders without obtaining such further approval. This Agreement may not
be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto.   (b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The
rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of
any rights or remedies provided by law.   SECTION 10.4 Successors and
Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns; provided, however, that no party may assign, delegate or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
consent of the other parties hereto, except that Merger Sub may transfer or
assign, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more of its
affiliates, its rights under this Agreement.   SECTION 10.5 Entire
Agreement; Governing Law; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement
(including any schedules hereto) and the confidentiality agreement between
the Company and Merger Sub dated July 20, 2000 (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), (a) constitute the entire agreement with respect to the matters
contemplated here and thereby, and (b) supersede all other prior agreements,
understandings, representations and warranties, both written and oral, among
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. This
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of
the State of Delaware regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern
under principles of conflicts of laws applicable thereto. This Agreement is
not intended to confer upon any person other than the parties here any rights
or remedies hereunder.   SECTION 10.6 Counterparts; Effectiveness. This
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto
were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when
each party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by all of
the other parties hereto.   SECTION 10.7 Invalidity. In the event that any
one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other
instrument referred to herein, shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted
by law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any
other provision of this Agreement or any other such instrument.   SECTION
10.8 Titles. The titles, captions or headings of the Articles and Sections
herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to
be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.   SECTION 10.9 Enforcement of the Agreement. The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with
its specific terms or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that
the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they
are entitled at law or in equity.   SECTION 10.10 Knowledge. For the
purposes of this Agreement, "to the knowledge of Company" or "the Company\'s
knowledge" shall mean the actual knowledge after reasonable inquiry and
review, Sal H. Alfiero, William P. Montague, Gerard S. Lippes and Mark G.
Barberio.  [Signature page follows]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective
authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.     MARK
IV INDUSTRIES, INC.     By: ______________________________  Name: Sal H.
Alfiero  Title:Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer    
MIV ACQUISITION CORPORATION    By: ______________________________  Name:
Francesco Loredan  Title:President    '

