 MERGER AGREEMENT   Exhibit 2  ---------   
AGREEMENT OF REORGANIZATION AND MERGER   BETWEEN   FIRST MERCHANTS
CORPORATION   AND   LAFAYETTE BANCORPORATION     THIS AGREEMENT OF
REORGANIZATION AND MERGER (the "Agreement"), is entered into as of this 14th
day of October, 2001, by and between First Merchants Corporation ("First
Merchants") and Lafayette Bancorporation ("Lafayette").   W I T N E S S E T
H:   WHEREAS, First Merchants is a corporation duly organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Indiana and a registered bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, with its
principal place of business in Muncie, Delaware County, Indiana;   WHEREAS,
Lafayette is a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the
State of Indiana and a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended, with its principal place of business in
Lafayette, Tippecanoe County, Indiana;   WHEREAS, Lafayette Bank and Trust
Company (the "Bank") is a bank duly organized and existing under the laws of
the State of Indiana and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lafayette with its
principal banking office in Lafayette, Tippecanoe County, Indiana;  
WHEREAS, it is the desire of First Merchants and Lafayette to effect
a transaction whereby the Bank will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
First Merchants through a statutory merger of Lafayette with and into First
Merchants; and   WHEREAS, a majority of the entire Board of Directors of
First Merchants and a majority of the entire Board of Directors of Lafayette
have approved this Agreement, designated it as a plan of reorganization
within the provisions of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), and authorized its execution.   NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants, and agreements
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, First Merchants and Lafayette hereby make this
Agreement and prescribe the terms and conditions of the merger of Lafayette
with and into First Merchants and the mode of carrying the transaction into
effect as follows:   SECTION 1   The Merger   1.01. Merger. Subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Effective Date (as defined
in Section 11 hereof), Lafayette shall be merged into and under the Articles
of Incorporation of First Merchants, which shall be the "Continuing Company"
and which shall continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State
of Indiana, pursuant to the provisions of and with the effect provided in the
Indiana Business Corporation Law and particularly Indiana Code Chapter
23-1-40 (the "Merger").   1.02. Right to Revise Merger. First Merchants may,
at any time, change the method of effecting the Merger if and to the extent
First Merchants deems such change to be desirable; provided, however, that no
such change, modification or amendment shall (a) provide for the merger of
the Bank with and into a subsidiary of First Merchants or another entity; (b)
alter or change the amount or kind of consideration to be received by the
shareholders of Lafayette specified in Section 3 hereof as a result of the
Merger, except in accordance with the terms of Section 3 hereof; (c)
adversely affect the tax treatment to the shareholders of Lafayette; or (d)
materially impede or delay receipt of any approvals referred to in this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.    SECTION 2   Effect Of The Merger   Upon the Merger
becoming effective:   2.01. General Description. The separate existence of
Lafayette shall cease and the Continuing Company shall possess all of the
assets of Lafayette including all of the issued and outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Bank and all of its rights, privileges, immunities,
powers, and franchises and shall be subject to and assume all of the duties
and liabilities of Lafayette.   2.02. Name, Offices, and Management. The
name of the Continuing Company shall continue to be "First Merchants
Corporation." Its principal banking office shall be located at 200 E. Jackson
Street, Muncie, Indiana. Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.07 hereof,
the Board of Directors of the Continuing Company, until such time as their
successors have been elected and qualified, shall consist of the current
Board of Directors of First Merchants. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 8.08 hereof, the officers of First Merchants immediately prior to the
Effective Date shall continue as the officers of the Continuing Company.  
2.03. Capital Structure. The amount of capital stock of the
Continuing Company shall not be less than the capital stock of First
Merchants immediately prior to the Effective Date increased by the amount of
capital stock issued in accordance with Section 3 hereof.   2.04. Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws of
the Continuing Company shall be those of First Merchants immediately prior to
the Effective Date until the same shall be further amended as provided by
law.   2.05. Assets and Liabilities. The title to all assets, real estate
and other property owned by First Merchants and Lafayette shall vest in
the Continuing Company without reversion or impairment. All liabilities of
Lafayette shall be assumed by the Continuing Company.   2.06. Additional
Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Date, the Continuing Company
shall consider or be advised that any further deeds, assignments or
assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable (a) to vest,
perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Continuing Company its
right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or
assets of Lafayette or the Bank, or (b) otherwise carry out the purposes of
this Agreement, Lafayette and the Bank and their respective officers and
directors shall be deemed to have granted to the Continuing Company
an irrevocable power of attorney to execute and deliver all such deeds,
assignments or assurances in law and to do all acts necessary or proper to
vest, perfect or confirm title to and possession of such rights, properties
or assets in the Continuing Company and otherwise to carry out the purposes
of this Agreement, and the officers and directors of the Continuing Company
are authorized in the name of Lafayette or the Bank or otherwise to take any
and all such action.    SECTION 3   Consideration To Be  Distributed To
Shareholders Of Lafayette   3.01. Consideration. Upon and by reason of the
Merger becoming effective, the shareholders of Lafayette of record on the
Effective Date who have not dissented to the Merger in accordance with
Indiana Code ss. 23-1-44, as amended, shall be entitled to receive in
exchange for the shares of Lafayette\'s common stock held and at their
election (subject to the limitations and prorations set forth in this Section
3) either (i) 1.11 (the "Conversion Ratio") shares of First Merchants\'
common stock for each share of Lafayette\'s common stock held ("Option 1"),
or (ii) cash in the amount of $30.00 for each share of Lafayette\'s common
stock held, subject to the provisions and limitations of Section 3.07
("Option 2"). A Lafayette shareholder shall be entitled to elect Option 1 for
all shares held of record, Option 2 for all shares held of record or Option 1
for a portion of the shares held of record and Option 2 for a portion of the
shares held of record. The Conversion Ratio shall be subject to adjustment as
set forth in Sections 3.03 and 3.04.   3.02. No Fractional First Merchants
Common Shares. Certificates for fractional shares of common stock of First
Merchants shall not be issued in respect of fractional interests arising from
the Conversion Ratio. Each Lafayette shareholder who would otherwise have
been entitled to a fraction of a First Merchants share, upon surrender of all
of his/her/its certificates representing Lafayette\'s common shares, shall be
paid in cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the fraction of the
First Merchants Average Price (as defined below). No such shareholder of
Lafayette shall be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights
in respect of any fractional share.   3.03. Recapitalization. If, between
the date of this Agreement and the Effective Date, First Merchants issues a
stock dividend with respect to its shares of common stock, combines,
subdivides, or splits up its outstanding shares or takes any similar
recapitalization action, then the Conversion Ratio shall be adjusted so that
each Lafayette shareholder electing Option 1 shall receive such number of
First Merchants shares as represents the same percentage of outstanding
shares of First Merchants common stock at the Effective Date as would have
been represented by the number of shares such shareholder would have received
if the recapitalization had not occurred.   3.04. Conversion Ratio
Adjustment.   (a) As used in this Section 3.04, the term "First Merchants 
Average Price" shall mean the average of the mid point between the bid  and
ask prices of the common stock of First Merchants as reported in  Bloomberg,
L.P. for the thirty (30) days that First Merchants common  stock trades on
NASDAQ preceding the fifth (5th) calendar day prior to  the Effective Date
(the "Determination Date"). The First Merchants  Average Price shall be
appropriately and proportionately adjusted to  reflect any share adjustment
as contemplated by Section 3.03 hereof.   (b) Lafayette may terminate this
Agreement if its Board of  Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of
the members of its  entire Board of Directors if the First Merchants Average
Price shall be  less than $22.05; subject, however, to the following two
provisions. If  Lafayette elects to exercise its right of termination
pursuant to the  immediately preceding sentence, it shall give written notice
to First  Merchants within twenty-four (24) hours of the Determination
Date.  Within two (2) business days after the date of receipt of such
notice,  First Merchants shall have the option of adjusting the Conversion
Ratio  to equal a number equal to a quotient, the numerator of which is the 
product of $22.05 and the Conversion Ratio (as then in effect) and the 
denominator of which is the First Merchants Average Price. If First 
Merchants makes an election contemplated by the preceding sentence, it  shall
give prompt written notice to Lafayette of such election and the  revised
Conversion Ratio, whereupon no termination shall have occurred  pursuant to
this Section 3.04(b) and this Agreement shall remain in  effect in accordance
with its terms (except as the Conversion Ratio  shall have been so modified),
and any references in this Agreement to  "Conversion Ratio" shall thereafter
be deemed to refer to the  Conversion Ratio as adjusted pursuant to this
Section 3.04(b).   (c) First Merchants may terminate this Agreement if its
Board  of Directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of 
its entire Board of Directors if the First Merchants Average Price  shall be
greater than $26.95; subject, however, to the following two  provisions. If
First Merchants elects to exercise its right of  termination pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence, it shall  give written notice to Lafayette
within twenty-four (24) hours of the  Determination Date. Within two (2)
business days after the date of  receipt of such notice, Lafayette shall have
the option of adjusting  the Conversion Ratio to equal a number equal to a
quotient, the  numerator of which is the product of $26.95 and the Conversion
Ratio  (as then in effect) and the denominator of which is the First
Merchants  Average Price. If Lafayette makes an election contemplated by
the  preceding sentence, it shall give prompt written notice to First 
Merchants of such election and the revised Conversion Ratio, whereupon  no
termination shall have occurred pursuant to this Section 3.04(c) and  this
Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms  (except as the
Conversion Ratio shall have been so modified), and any  references in this
Agreement to "Conversion Ratio" shall thereafter be  deemed to refer to the
Conversion Ratio as adjusted pursuant to this  Section 3.04(c).   3.05.
Election. An election form (the "Election Form") shall be mailed to each
record holder of Lafayette\'s common stock as of the record date fixed for
the special shareholders\' meeting at which the Merger will be submitted to
a vote of Lafayette\'s shareholders (the "Special Record Date"). In
addition, reasonable efforts will be made to make the Election Form available
to all persons who become shareholders of Lafayette between the Special
Record Date and the Election Deadline (as defined below). Lafayette and First
Merchants shall also establish a deadline for receipt of such Election Forms
(the "Election Deadline"), which deadline shall be the close of business on
the first day on which the administrative offices of First Merchants are
generally open for business after the special meeting at which the Merger
will be submitted to a vote of Lafayette\'s shareholders. The Election Forms
shall be mailed to each record holder of Lafayette\'s common stock as of the
Special Record Date along with the proxy materials for the special
shareholders\' meeting at which the Merger will be submitted to a vote of
Lafayette\'s shareholders. The Election Form will permit each holder of
record of Lafayette\'s common stock as of the Special Record Date to elect,
subject to Section 3.07, to have all of such holder\'s shares converted in
the Merger into either Option 1, Option 2 or a combination of Option 1 and
Option 2. The Election Form shall also permit direct deposit of cash in each
holder\'s account in either the Bank or First Merchants Bank, National
Association. An election shall be duly made by completing the Election Form
and any other required documents in accordance with the instructions set
forth therein and delivering them to the Election Agent (as defined below) or
to such other person or persons mutually agreed upon by Lafayette and First
Merchants to receive elections, to receive outstanding Lafayette shares, to
deliver cash or cash and shares of First Merchants\' common stock and to
carry out the other procedures set forth herein.   3.06. Election Agent.
First Merchants and Lafayette hereby appoint the Trust Department of First
Merchants Bank, National Association to act as agent (the "Election Agent")
of Lafayette\'s shareholders for the purposes of mailing and receiving the
Election Forms, tabulating the results and notifying First Merchants and
Lafayette of the results.    3.07. All Cash Payments.   (a) In the event
the number of shares of Lafayette common  stock covered by Option 2 elections
would entitle Lafayette\'s  shareholders to receive less than $50,329,248 in
cash (including cash  payments for fractional shares and payments to
dissenting  shareholders), all Option 1 and Option 2 elections of the holders
of  Lafayette\'s common stock shall be honored (each in its entirety). In 
the event that the amount of cash to be received by shareholders of 
Lafayette pursuant to the terms of the Agreement would result in cash 
payments of $50,329,248 or more (including cash payments for fractional 
shares and payments to dissenting shareholders), the Option 2 elections 
shall be honored in the following order: the Option 2 election which  covers
the largest number of shares of Lafayette\'s common stock shall  be converted
into an Option 1 election first, followed by the election  which covers the
next largest number of shares (each in its entirety)  being converted into an
Option 1 election and continuing this process  until the total remaining
number of outstanding Lafayette\'s shares  covered by Option 2 elections is
such that the Merger will (i) result  in cash payments of no more than
$50,329,248 (including cash payments  for fractional shares and payments to
dissenting shareholders), and  (ii) satisfy the "continuity of interest"
requirement applicable to  tax-free reorganizations under the Code. Option 2
elections which are  not converted into Option 1 elections shall remain as
Option 2  elections.   (b) Shares of Lafayette\'s common stock with respect
to which  no Election Form is timely received or ever received or which are
the  subject of otherwise invalid elections (the "Non-Electing Shares")
will  be treated as if the holders thereof elected Option 1 for all shares 
held of record. This Section 3.07(b) shall be given effect prior to the 
reallocation provided for in Section 3.07(a).   (c) Lafayette and First
Merchants shall mutually determine the  validity of elections submitted by
Lafayette\'s shareholders.   (d) A holder of Lafayette\'s shares that is a
bank, trust  company, security broker-dealer or other recognized nominee, may
submit  one or more Election Forms for the persons for whom it holds shares
as  nominee provided that such bank, trust company, security broker-dealer 
or nominee certifies to the satisfaction of Lafayette and First  Merchants
the names of the persons for whom it is so holding shares  (the "Beneficial
Owners"). In such case, each Beneficial Owner for whom  an Election Form is
submitted shall be treated as a separate owner for  purposes of the election
procedure and allocation of shares set forth  herein.   (e) First Merchants
and Lafayette may, upon mutual agreement,  apply the adjustments set forth in
this Section 3.07 only to such  extent and to such number of Lafayette\'s
shareholders as is necessary  to accomplish the objectives of this Section
3.07 to assure that the  Merger will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization.   3.08. Distribution of First Merchants\' Common Stock and
Cash.   (a) Each share of common stock of First Merchants outstanding 
immediately prior to the Effective Date shall remain outstanding  unaffected
by the Merger.   (b) Following the Effective Date, First Merchants shall
mail  to each Lafayette shareholder a letter of transmittal (the "Letter of 
Transmittal") providing instructions as to the transmittal to the  conversion
agent, First Merchants Bank, National Association (the  "Conversion Agent"),
of certificates representing shares of Lafayette\'s  common stock and the
issuance of shares of First Merchants\' common  stock and cash in exchange
therefor pursuant to the terms of this  Agreement. Distribution of stock
certificates representing First  Merchants\' common stock and cash payments
for Lafayette\'s common stock  and for fractional shares shall be made by
First Merchants to each  former shareholder of Lafayette within fifteen (15)
business days of  the later of the Effective Date or the date of such
shareholder\'s  delivery to the Conversion Agent of his/her/its
certificates  representing common stock of Lafayette, accompanied by a
properly  completed and executed Letter of Transmittal. Certificates
surrendered  for exchange by a person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" (as
defined  in Section 7.06 hereof) of Lafayette shall not be exchanged until
First  Merchants has received a written agreement from such affiliate as 
required pursuant to Section 7.06 hereof. Interest shall not accrue or  be
payable with respect to any cash payments.   (c) Following the Effective
Date, stock certificates  representing Lafayette\'s common stock shall be
deemed to evidence only  the right to receive cash and/or ownership of First
Merchants\' common  stock (for all corporate purposes other than the payment
of dividends)  and cash for fractional shares, as applicable. No dividends or
other  distributions otherwise payable subsequent to the Effective Date on 
stock of First Merchants shall be paid to any shareholder entitled to 
receive the same until such shareholder has surrendered his/her/its 
certificates for Lafayette\'s common stock to the Conversion Agent in 
exchange for certificates representing First Merchants\' common stock  and/or
cash. Upon surrender or compliance with the provisions of  Section 3.08(f),
there shall be paid to the record holder of the new  certificate(s)
evidencing shares of First Merchants\' common stock the  amount of all
dividends and other distributions, without interest  thereon, withheld with
respect to such common stock.   (d) At or after the Effective Date, there
shall be no  transfers on the stock transfer books of Lafayette of any shares
of the  common stock of Lafayette. If, after the Effective Date,
certificates  are presented for transfer to Lafayette, such certificates
shall be  cancelled and exchanged for the consideration set forth in Section
3.01  hereof, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.   (e)
First Merchants shall be entitled to rely upon the stock  transfer books of
Lafayette to establish the persons entitled to  receive cash and shares of
common stock of First Merchants, which  books, in the absence of actual
knowledge by First Merchants of any  adverse claim thereto, shall be
conclusive with respect to the  ownership of such stock.   (f) With respect
to any certificate for shares of Lafayette\'s  common stock which has been
lost, stolen, or destroyed, First Merchants  shall be authorized to issue
common stock to the registered owner of  such certificate upon receipt of an
affidavit of lost stock  certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to
First Merchants, and  upon compliance by the Lafayette\'s shareholder with
all procedures  historically required by Lafayette in connection with lost,
stolen, or  destroyed certificates.    SECTION 4   Dissenting
Shareholders   Shareholders of Lafayette shall have the rights accorded to
dissenting shareholders under Indiana Code ss. 23-1-44, as amended.
Shareholders of First Merchants are not entitled to any dissenters\' rights
under Indiana Code ss. 23-1-44 since First Merchants common stock is quoted
and traded on the NASDAQ National Market System.    SECTION 5  
Representations and  Warranties of Lafayette   Lafayette represents and
warrants to First Merchants with respect to itself and the Bank as follows:
(For the purposes of this Section, a "Disclosure Letter" is defined as a
letter referencing Section 5 of this Agreement which shall be prepared and
executed by an authorized executive officer of Lafayette and delivered to and
initialed by an authorized executive officer of First Merchants
contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement.)   5.01. Organization
and Authority. Lafayette is a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the State of Indiana, and the Bank is a bank duly organized
and validly existing under the laws of the State of Indiana. Lafayette and
the Bank have the power and authority (corporate and other) to conduct their
respective businesses in the manner and by the means utilized as of the date
hereof. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, Lafayette\'s only
subsidiary is the Bank, and the Bank has no subsidiaries. The Bank is subject
to primary federal regulatory supervision and regulation by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation.   5.02. Authorization.   (a) Lafayette has
the corporate power and authority to enter  into this Agreement and to carry
out its obligations hereunder subject  to certain required regulatory
approvals and Lafayette\'s shareholder  approval. This Agreement, when
executed and delivered, will have been  duly authorized and will constitute a
valid and binding obligation of  Lafayette, enforceable in accordance with
its terms except to the  extent limited by insolvency, reorganization,
liquidation, readjustment  of debt or other laws of general application
relating to or affecting  the enforcement of creditors\' rights.   (b)
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, neither the  execution of this
Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby,
does or will (i) conflict with, result in a breach  of, or constitute a
default under Lafayette\'s Articles of Incorporation  or By-Laws; (ii)
conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a  default under any
federal, foreign, state or local law, statute,  ordinance, rule, regulation
or court or administrative order or decree,  or any note, bond, indenture,
loan, mortgage, security agreement,  contract, arrangement or commitment, to
which Lafayette or the Bank is  subject or bound, the result of which would
materially affect the  business or financial condition of Lafayette or the
Bank; (iii) result  in the creation of or give any person, corporation or
entity, the right  to create any lien, charge, encumbrance, security
interest, or any  other rights of others or other adverse interest upon any
right,  property or asset of Lafayette or the Bank; (iv) terminate or give
any  person, corporation or entity, the right to terminate, amend, abandon, 
or refuse to perform any note, bond, indenture, loan, mortgage,  security
agreement, contract, arrangement or commitment to which  Lafayette or the
Bank is subject or bound; or (v) accelerate or modify,  or give any party
thereto the right to accelerate or modify, the time  within which, or the
terms according to which, Lafayette or the Bank is  to perform any duties or
obligations or receive any rights or benefits  under any note, bond,
indenture, loan, mortgage, security agreement,  contract, arrangement or
commitment.   (c) Other than in connection or in compliance with the 
provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, federal and state 
securities laws and applicable Indiana banking and corporate statutes,  all
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,  no notice
to, filing with, authorization of, exemption by, or consent  or approval of,
any public body or authority is necessary for the  consummation by Lafayette
of the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement.   (d) Other than those
filings, authorizations, consents and  approvals referenced in Section
5.02(c) above and except as set forth  in the Disclosure Schedule, no notice
to, filing with, authorization  of, exemption by, or consent or approval of,
any third party is  necessary for the consummation by Lafayette of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement.   5.03. Capitalization.  
(a) The authorized capital stock of Lafayette as of the date  hereof
consists, and on the Effective Date will consist, of 5,000,000  shares of
common stock, without par value, 3,961,589 shares of which  are issued and
outstanding. Such issued and outstanding shares of  Lafayette\'s common stock
have been duly and validly authorized by all  necessary corporate action of
Lafayette, are validly issued, fully paid  and nonassessable and have not
been issued in violation of any  preemptive rights of any shareholders.
Lafayette has no capital stock  authorized, issued or outstanding other than
as described in this  Section 5.03(a) and, except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter, has  no intention or obligation to authorize or issue any
other shares of  capital stock.   (b) The authorized capital stock of the
Bank as of the date  hereof consists, and on the Effective Date will consist,
of 2,000  shares of common stock, $100.00 par value per share, all 2,000
shares  of which are issued and outstanding to Lafayette. Such issued and 
outstanding shares of Bank common stock have been duly and validly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Bank, are validly 
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and have not been issued in  violation
of any preemptive rights of any Bank shareholders. All the  issued and
outstanding shares of Bank common stock are owned by  Lafayette, free and
clear of all liens, pledges, charges, claims,  encumbrances, restrictions,
security interests, options and preemptive  rights and of all other rights of
any other person, corporation or  entity with respect thereto. The Bank has
no capital stock authorized,  issued or outstanding other than as described
in this Section 5.03(b)  and has no intention or obligation to authorize or
issue any other  shares of capital stock.   (c) Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter, there are no  options, commitments, calls, agreements,
understandings, arrangements  or subscription rights regarding the issuance,
purchase or acquisition  of capital stock, or any securities convertible into
or representing  the right to purchase or otherwise receive the capital stock
or any  debt securities, of Lafayette nor the Bank by which Lafayette or
the  Bank is or may become bound. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank has any 
outstanding contractual or other obligation to repurchase, redeem or 
otherwise acquire any of its respective outstanding shares of capital 
stock.   (d) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, to the 
knowledge of Lafayette, no person or entity beneficially owns 5% or  more of
Lafayette\'s outstanding shares of common stock.   (e) As of the date
hereof, there are 38,104 stock appreciation  rights (an "SAR") granted and
unexercised under the Lafayette Officers\'  Stock Appreciation Rights Plan.
Other than such granted and unexercised  SARs, there are, and at the
Effective Date there will be, no other such  rights that have been granted by
Lafayette or which could be exercised.  The Base Price (as such term is
defined in the Lafayette Officers\'  Stock Appreciation Rights Plan) for each
such granted and unexercised  SAR is $3.66.   5.04. Organizational
Documents. The respective Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of Lafayette
and the Bank have been delivered to First Merchants and represent true,
accurate and complete copies of such corporate documents of Lafayette and the
Bank in effect as of the date of this Agreement.   5.05. Compliance with
Law. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, neither Lafayette nor the
Bank has engaged in any activity nor taken or omitted to take any action
which has resulted or, to the knowledge of Lafayette could result, in the
violation of any local, state, federal or foreign law, statute, rule,
regulation or ordinance or of any order, injunction, judgment or decree of
any court or government agency or body, the violation of which
could materially affect the business, prospects, condition (financial or
otherwise) or results of operations of Lafayette or the Bank. Lafayette and
the Bank possess all licenses, franchises, permits and other authorizations
necessary for the continued conduct of their respective businesses without
material interference or interruption and such licenses, franchises, permits
and authorizations shall be transferred to First Merchants on the Effective
Date without any restrictions or limitations thereon or the need to obtain
any consents of third parties. All agreements and understandings with, and
all orders and directives of, all regulatory agencies or government
authorities with respect to the business or operations of Lafayette or the
Bank, including all correspondence, communications and commitments related
thereto, are set forth in the Disclosure Letter. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter, the Bank has received no inquiries from any regulatory
agency or government authority relating to its compliance with the Bank
Secrecy Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act or the Community Reinvestment Act or
any laws with respect to the protection of the environment or the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. Except as set forth in the Disclosure
Letter, Lafayette has received no inquiries from any regulatory agency or
government authority relating to its compliance with any securities laws
applicable to Lafayette.   5.06. Accuracy of Statements. Neither this
Agreement nor any report, statement, list, certificate or other information
furnished or to be furnished by Lafayette or the Bank to First Merchants
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, any information which has
been or shall be supplied by Lafayette or the Bank with respect to their
businesses, operations and financial condition for inclusion in the proxy
statement and registration statement relating to the Merger) contains or
shall contain (in the case of information relating to the proxy statement at
the time it is mailed and for the registration statement at the time it
becomes effective) any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or shall
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not
misleading.   5.07. Litigation and Pending Proceedings. Except as set forth
in the Disclosure Letter, there are no claims of any kind, nor any action,
suits, proceedings, arbitrations or investigations pending or, to the
knowledge of Lafayette or the Bank, threatened in any court or before any
government agency or body, arbitration panel or otherwise (nor does Lafayette
or the Bank have any knowledge of a basis for any claim, action, suit,
proceeding, arbitration or investigation) against, by or materially adversely
affecting Lafayette or the Bank or their respective businesses, prospects,
conditions (financial or otherwise), results of operations or assets, or
which would prevent the performance of this Agreement or declare the same
unlawful or cause the rescission hereof. There are no material uncured
violations, or violations with respect to which material refunds or
restitutions may be required, cited in any compliance report to Lafayette or
the Bank as a result of an examination by any regulatory agency or body.  
5.08. Financial Statements.   (a) Lafayette\'s consolidated balance sheets
as of the end of  the two fiscal years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000 and
for the six  (6) month period ended June 30, 2001 and the related
consolidated  statements of income, shareholders\' equity and cash flows for
the years  or period then ended (hereinafter collectively referred to as
the  "Financial Information") present fairly the consolidated financial 
condition or position of Lafayette as of the respective dates thereof  and
the consolidated results of operations of Lafayette for the  respective
periods covered thereby and have been prepared in conformity  with generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent  basis. The Financial
Information as of and for the two (2) fiscal years  ended 1999 and 2000 are
audited financial statements.   (b) All loans reflected in the Financial
Information and which  have been made, extended or acquired since June 30,
2001, (i) have been  made for good, valuable and adequate consideration in
the ordinary  course of business; (ii) constitute the legal, valid and
binding  obligation of the obligor and any guarantor named therein; (iii)
are  evidenced by notes, instruments or other evidences of indebtedness 
which are true, genuine and what they purport to be; and (iv) to the  extent
that the Bank has a security interest in collateral or a  mortgage securing
such loans, are secured by perfected security  interests or mortgages naming
the Bank as the secured party or  mortgagee, except for such unperfected
security interests or mortgages  naming the Bank as secured party or
mortgagee which, on an individual  loan basis, would not materially adversely
affect the value of any such  loan and the recovery of payment on any such
loan if the Bank is not  able to enforce any such security interest or
mortgage.   5.09. Absence of Certain Changes. Except for events and
conditions relating to the business and interest rate environment in general
(including consequences of the terrorist attack on the United States on
September 11, 2001), the accrual or payment of Merger-related expenses, or as
set forth in the Disclosure Letter, since June 30 2001, no events or
conditions of any character, whether actual, threatened or contemplated, have
occurred, or, to the knowledge of Lafayette, can reasonably be expected to
occur, which materially adversely affect Lafayette\'s or the Bank\'s
business, prospects, conditions (financial or otherwise), assets or results
of operations or which have caused, or can reasonably be expected to cause,
Lafayette\'s or the Bank\'s business to be conducted in a materially less
profitable manner than prior to June 30, 2001. Between the period from June
30, 2001 to the date of this Agreement, Lafayette and the Bank have carried
on their respective businesses in the ordinary and usual course consistent
with their past practices (excluding the incurrence of fees and expenses of
professional advisors related to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby) and there has not been any declaration, setting aside or
payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or
property) with respect to Lafayette\'s common stock (other than
normal quarterly cash dividends) or any split, combination or
reclassification of any stock of Lafayette or the Bank or any issuance or the
authorization of any issuance of any securities in respect of, or in lieu of,
or in substitution for shares of Lafayette\'s common stock.   5.10. Absence
of Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank is a party to any
agreement, contract, loan, obligation, commitment, arrangement, liability,
lease or license which individually exceeds $50,000 per year or which may not
be terminated within one year from the date of this Agreement, except as set
forth in the Disclosure Letter and except for unfunded loan commitments made
in the ordinary course of the Bank\'s business consistent with past
practices, nor to the knowledge of Lafayette does there exist
any circumstances resulting from transactions effected or to be effected or
events which have occurred or may occur or from any action taken or omitted
to be taken which could reasonably be expected to result in any such
agreement, contract, loan, obligation, commitment, arrangement, liability,
lease or license.   5.11. Title to Assets.   (a) Except as set forth in
the Disclosure Letter, Lafayette  and the Bank have good and marketable title
in fee simple absolute to  all personal property reflected in the June 30,
2001 Financial  Information, good and marketable title to all other
properties and  assets which Lafayette or the Bank purport to own, good and
marketable  title to or right to use by terms of any lease or contract all
other  property used in Lafayette\'s or the Bank\'s business, and good and 
marketable title to all property and assets acquired since June 30,  2001,
free and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, restrictions,  security
interests, charges, claims or encumbrances of any nature.   (b) All
furniture, fixtures, machinery, equipment, computer  software and hardware,
and all other tangible personal property owned  or used by Lafayette or the
Bank, including any such items leased as a  lessee, are in good working order
and free of known defects, subject  only to normal wear and tear. The
operation by Lafayette or the Bank of  such properties and assets is in
compliance with all applicable laws,  ordinances, rules and regulations of
any governmental authority or  third party having jurisdiction over such use,
except for such  noncompliance that would not have a material adverse effect
on the  business of Lafayette or the Bank.   5.12. Loans and
Investments.   (a) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, there is
no  loan of the Bank in excess of $100,000 that has been classified by bank 
regulatory examiners as "Other Loans Specially Mentioned,"  "Substandard,"
"Doubtful" or "Loss," nor is there any loan of the Bank  in excess of
$100,000 that has been identified by management,  accountants or auditors
(internal or external) as having a significant  risk of uncollectibility. The
Bank\'s loan watch list and all loans in  excess of $100,000 that the Bank\'s
management has determined to be  ninety (90) days or more past due with
respect to principal or interest  or has placed on nonaccrual status are set
forth in the Disclosure  Letter.   (b) Each of the reserves and allowances
for possible loan  losses and the carrying value for real estate owned which
are shown on  the Financial Information is, in the opinion of Lafayette and
the Bank,  adequate in all material respects under the requirements of
generally  accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis to
provide  for possible losses on loans outstanding and real estate owned as
of  the date of such Financial Information.   (c) Except as set forth in
the Disclosure Letter, none of the  investments reflected in the Financial
Information and none of the  investments made by Lafayette or the Bank since
June 30, 2001 is  subject to any restrictions, whether contractual or
statutory, which  materially impairs the ability of Lafayette or the Bank to
dispose  freely of such investment at any time. Except as set forth in the 
Disclosure Letter, neither Lafayette nor the Bank are a party to any 
repurchase agreements with respect to securities.   5.13. Employee Benefit
Plans.   (a) The Disclosure Letter contains a list identifying each 
"employee benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), which (i)  is
subject to any provision of ERISA, and (ii) is maintained,  administered or
contributed to by Lafayette or the Bank and covers any  employee, director or
former employee or director of Lafayette or the  Bank under which Lafayette
or the Bank has any liability. Copies of  such plans (and, if applicable,
related trust agreements or insurance  contracts) and all amendments thereto
and written interpretations  thereof have been furnished to First Merchants
together with the three  most recent annual reports prepared in connection
with any such plan  and the current summary plan descriptions. Such plans are
hereinafter  referred to individually as an "Employee Plan" and collectively
as the  "Employee Plans." The Employee Plans which individually or
collectively  would constitute an "employee pension benefit plan" as defined
in  Section 3(2)(A) of ERISA are identified in the list referred to
above.   (b) The Employee Plans comply with and have been operated in 
accordance with all applicable laws, regulations, rulings and other 
requirements the breach or violation of which could materially affect 
Lafayette, the Bank, or an Employee Plan. Each Employee Plan has been 
administered in substantial conformance with such requirements and all 
reports and information required with respect to each Employee Plan  have
been timely given.   (c) No "prohibited transaction," as defined in Section
406 of  ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, for which no statutory or 
administrative exemption exists, and no "reportable event," as defined  in
Section 4043(b) of ERISA, for which a notice is required to be  filed, has
occurred with respect to any Employee Plan. Neither  Lafayette nor the Bank
has any outstanding liability to the Pension  Benefit Guaranty Corporation
("PBGC"), or any liability to the Internal  Revenue Service ("IRS"), to the
Department of Labor ("DOL") or to an  employee or Employee Plan beneficiary
under Section 502 of ERISA.   (d) To the best knowledge of Lafayette and the
Bank, no  "fiduciary," as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA, of an Employee
Plan  has failed to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of ERISA.  
(e) Each of the Employee Plans which is intended to be  qualified under Code
Section 401(a) has been amended to comply in all  material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Code,  including the Tax Reform Act of 1986,
the Revenue Act of 1987, the  Technical and Miscellaneous Revenue Act of
1988, the Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation Act of 1989, the Revenue
Reconciliation Act of 1990, the  Tax Extension Act of 1991, the Unemployment
Compensation Amendments of  1992, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1993, and the Retirement  Protection Act of 1994 and any rules, regulations
or other requirements  promulgated thereunder (the "Acts"). In addition, each
such Employee  Plan has been and is being operated in substantial conformance
with the  applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code, as amended by the
Acts,  including operational compliance with the Uruguay Round Agreements
Act,  the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of
1994,  the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, the Taxpayer Relief
Act  of 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act 
of 1998 (even though actual plan amendments do not have to be made  until the
last day of the 2001 plan year). Except as set forth in the  Disclosure
Letter, Lafayette and/or the Bank, as applicable, sought and  received
favorable determination letters from the IRS within the  applicable remedial
amendment periods under Code Section 401(b), and  has furnished to First
Merchants copies of the most recent IRS  determination letters with respect
to any such Employee Plan.   (f) No Employee Plan owns any security of
Lafayette or the  Bank, except the Bank\'s Employees\' Pension Plan which
holds 44,781  shares of Lafayette common stock.   (g) Except as set forth
in the Disclosure Letter, no Employee  Plan has incurred an "accumulated
funding deficiency," as determined  under Code Section 412 and ERISA Section
302.   (h) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, no Employee  Plan
has been terminated or incurred a partial termination (either  voluntarily or
involuntarily).   (i) No claims against an Employee Plan, Lafayette or the
Bank,  with respect to an Employee Plan, (other than normal benefit claims) 
have been asserted or, to the best knowledge of Lafayette or the Bank, 
threatened.   (j) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, there is
no  contract, agreement, plan or arrangement covering any employee, 
director or former employee or director of Lafayette or the Bank that, 
individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of any  amount
that would not be deductible by reason of Section 280G or  Section 162(a)(1)
of the Code.   (k) To the best knowledge of Lafayette and the Bank, no
event  has occurred that would cause the imposition of the tax described in 
Code Section 4980B. To the best knowledge of Lafayette and the Bank,  all
requirements of ERISA Section 601 have been met.   (l) The Disclosure Letter
contains a list of each employment,  severance or other similar contract,
arrangement or policy and each  plan or arrangement (written or oral)
providing for insurance coverage  (including any self-insured arrangements),
workers\' compensation,  disability benefits, supplemental unemployment
benefits, vacation  benefits, retirement benefits or deferred compensation,
profit sharing,  bonuses, stock options, stock appreciation rights or other
forms of  incentive compensation or post-retirement insurance, compensation
or  benefits which (i) is not an Employee Plan, (ii) was entered into, 
maintained or contributed to, as the case may be, by Lafayette or the  Bank,
and (iii) covers any employee, director or former employee or  director of
Lafayette or the Bank. Such contracts, plans and  arrangements as are
described above, copies or descriptions of all of  which have been furnished
previously to First Merchants, are  hereinafter referred to collectively as
the "Benefit Arrangements."  Each of the Benefit Arrangements has been
maintained in substantial  compliance with its terms and with the
requirements prescribed by any  and all statutes, orders, rules and
regulations which are applicable to  such Benefit Arrangements.   (m)
Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, neither  Lafayette nor the Bank
has any present or future liability in respect  of post-retirement health and
medical benefits for former employees or  directors of Lafayette or the
Bank.   (n) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, there has  been
no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement (whether  or not
written) by Lafayette or the Bank relating to, or change in  employee
participation or coverage under, any Employee Plan or Benefit  Arrangement
which would increase materially the expense of maintaining  such Employee
Plans or Benefit Arrangements above the level of the  expense incurred in
respect thereof for the fiscal year ended December  31, 2000.   (o) For
purposes of this Section 5.13, references to Lafayette  or the Bank are
deemed to include (i) all predecessors of Lafayette or  the Bank, (ii) any
subsidiary of Lafayette or the Bank, (iii) all  members of any controlled
group (as determined under Code Section  414(b) or (c)) that includes
Lafayette or the Bank, and (iv) all  members of any affiliated service group
(as determined under Code  Section 414(m) or (n)) that includes Lafayette or
the Bank.   5.14. Obligations to Employees. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter, all accrued obligations and liabilities of Lafayette and
the Bank, whether arising by operation of law, by contract or by past custom,
for payments to trust or other funds, to any government agency or body or to
any individual director, officer, employee or agent (or his heirs, legatees
or legal representative) with respect to unemployment compensation or social
security benefits and all pension, retirement, savings, stock purchase, stock
bonus, stock ownership, stock option, stock appreciation rights or profit
sharing plan, any employment, deferred compensation, consultant, bonus or
collective bargaining agreement or group insurance contract or other
incentive, welfare or employee benefit plan or agreement maintained by
Lafayette or the Bank for their current or former directors, officers,
employees and agents have been and are being paid to the extent required by
law or by the plan or contract, and adequate actuarial accruals and/or
reserves for such payments have been and are being made by Lafayette or the
Bank in accordance with generally accepted accounting and actuarial
principles, except where the failure to pay any such accrued obligations or
liabilities or to maintain adequate accruals and/or reserves for payment
thereof would not materially adversely affect Lafayette or the Bank or their
respective businesses, prospects, conditions (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or assets. All obligations and liabilities of Lafayette
and the Bank, whether arising by operation of law, by contract, or by past
custom, for all forms of compensation which are or may be payable to
their current or former directors, officers, employees or agents have been
and are being paid, and adequate accruals and/or reserves for payment
therefor have been and are being made in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, except where the failure to pay any such obligations
and liabilities or to maintain adequate accruals and/or reserves for payment
thereof would not materially adversely affect Lafayette or the Bank or their
respective businesses, prospects, conditions (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or assets. All accruals and reserves referred to in
this Section 5.14 are correctly and accurately reflected and accounted for in
the books, statements and records of Lafayette and the Bank, except where the
failure to correctly and accurately reflect and account for such accruals and
reserves would not materially adversely affect Lafayette or the Bank or their
respective businesses, prospects, conditions (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or assets.   5.15. Taxes, Returns and Reports.
Lafayette and the Bank have (a) duly filed all federal, state, local and
foreign tax returns of every type and kind required to be filed as of the
date hereof, and each return is true, complete and accurate in all material
respects; (b) paid in all material respects all taxes, assessments and other
governmental charges due or claimed to be due upon them or any of their
income, properties or assets; and (c) not requested an extension of time for
any such payments (which extension is still in force). Except for taxes not
yet due and payable, the reserve for taxes on the Financial Information is
adequate to cover all of Lafayette\'s and the Bank\'s tax liabilities
(including, without limitation, income taxes and franchise fees) that may
become payable in future years with respect to any transactions consummated
prior to June 30, 2001. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank has, or will have, any
liability for taxes of any nature for or with respect to the operation of
their business, including the assets of any subsidiary, from June 30,
2001, up to and including the Effective Date, except to the extent reflected
on their Financial Information or on financial statements of Lafayette or the
Bank subsequent to such date and as set forth in the Disclosure Letter.
Neither Lafayette nor the Bank is currently under audit by any state or
federal taxing authority. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter,
neither the federal, state, or local tax returns of Lafayette or the Bank
have been audited by any taxing authority during the past five (5) years.  
5.16. Deposit Insurance. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") in accordance with the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, and the Bank has paid all premiums and assessments
with respect to such deposit insurance.   5.17. Reports. Since January 1,
1995, each of Lafayette and the Bank have timely filed all reports,
registrations and statements, together with any required amendments thereto,
that it was required to file with (i) the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"), (ii) the Indiana Department of
Financial Institutions, (iii) the FDIC, and (iv) any federal, state,
municipal or local government, securities, banking, environmental, insurance
and other governmental or regulatory authority, and the agencies and staffs
thereof (collectively, the "Regulatory Authorities"), having jurisdiction
over the affairs of either Lafayette or the Bank. All such reports filed by
Lafayette and the Bank complied in all material respects with all the rules
and regulations promulgated by the applicable Regulatory Authorities and are
true, accurate and complete in all material respects and were prepared
in conformity with generally accepted regulatory accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter,
there is no unresolved violation, criticism or exception by any of the
Regulatory Authorities with respect to any report or statement filed by, or
any examinations of, Lafayette or the Bank.   5.18. Absence of Defaults.
Neither Lafayette nor the Bank is in violation of its charter documents or
By-Laws or in default under any material agreement, commitment, arrangement,
loan, lease, insurance policy or other instrument, whether entered into in
the ordinary course of business or otherwise and whether written or oral, and
there has not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or giving of
notice or both, would constitute such a default, except for defaults which
would not have a material adverse effect on the business of Lafayette or the
Bank.   5.19. Tax and Regulatory Matters. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank
has taken or agreed to take any action or has any knowledge of any fact
or circumstance that would (i) prevent the transactions contemplated hereby
from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
Code or (ii) materially impede or delay receipt of any regulatory approval
required for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.    5.20. Real Property.   (a) A list of the locations of each
parcel of real property  owned by Lafayette or the Bank (other than real
property acquired in  foreclosure or in lieu of foreclosure in the course of
the collection  of loans and being held by Lafayette or the Bank for
disposition as  required by law) is set forth in the Disclosure Letter under
the  heading of "Owned Real Property" (such real property being herein 
referred to as the "Owned Real Property"). A list of the locations of  each
parcel of real property leased by Lafayette or the Bank is also  set forth in
the Disclosure Letter under the heading of "Leased Real  Property" (such real
property being herein referred to as the "Leased  Real Property"). Lafayette
shall update the Disclosure Letter within  ten (10) days after acquiring or
leasing any real property after the  date hereof. Collectively, the Owned
Real Property and the Leased Real  Property are herein referred to as the
"Real Property."   (b) There is no pending action involving Lafayette or the
Bank  as to the title of or the right to use any of the Real Property.  
(c) Neither Lafayette nor the Bank has any interest in any  other real
property except interests as a mortgagee, and except for any  real property
acquired in foreclosure or in lieu of foreclosure and  being held for
disposition as required by law.   (d) None of the buildings, structures or
other improvements  located on the Real Property encroaches upon or over any
adjoining  parcel of real estate or any easement or right-of-way or "setback"
line  and all such buildings, structures and improvements are located and 
constructed in conformity with all applicable zoning ordinances and  building
codes. The representation made in the immediately preceding  sentence shall
be deemed to have been made to the knowledge of  Lafayette and the Bank,
except with respect to the main downtown office  of the Bank located at 133
North Fourth Street, Lafayette, Indiana to  which office such knowledge
qualifier shall not be applicable.   (e) None of the buildings, structures
or improvements located  on the Real Property are the subject of any official
complaint or  notice by any governmental authority of violation of any
applicable  zoning ordinance or building code, and there is no zoning
ordinance,  building code, use or occupancy restriction or condemnation
action or  proceeding pending, or, to the best knowledge of Lafayette,
threatened,  with respect to any such building, structure or improvement. The
Real  Property is in good condition for its intended purpose, ordinary wear 
and tear excepted, and has been maintained in accordance with  reasonable and
prudent business practices applicable to like  facilities. The Real Property
has been used and operated in compliance  with all applicable laws, statutes,
rules, regulations and ordinances  applicable thereto.   (f) Except as may
be reflected in the Financial Information or  with respect to such easements,
liens, defects or encumbrances as do  not individually or in the aggregate
materially adversely affect the  use or value of the Owned Real Property,
Lafayette and the Bank have,  and at the Closing Date will have, good and
marketable title to their  respective Owned Real Property, free and clear of
all liens, mortgages,  security interests, encumbrances and restrictions of
any kind or  character.   (g) Neither Lafayette nor the Bank has caused or
allowed the  generation, treatment, storage, disposal or release at any
Real  Property of any Toxic Substance, except in accordance with all 
applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. "Toxic  Substance"
means any hazardous, toxic or dangerous substance,  pollutant, waste, gas or
material, including, without limitation,  petroleum and petroleum products,
metals, liquids, semi-solids or  solids, that are regulated under any
federal, state or local statute,  ordinance, rule, regulation or other law
pertaining to environmental  protection, contamination, quality, waste
management or cleanup.   (h) Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Letter,
there are no  underground storage tanks located on, in or under any Owned
Real  Property and no such Owned Real Property has previously contained an 
underground storage tank. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank own or operate  any
underground storage tank at any Leased Real Property and no such  Leased Real
Property has previously contained an underground storage  tank. No Real
Property is or has been listed on the CERCLIS.   (i) No Toxic Substance has
been released, spilled, discharged  or disposed at, in, on or under any Real
Property nor are there any  other conditions or circumstances affecting any
Real Property, in each  case, which would pose a significant risk to the
environment or the  health or safety of persons or otherwise pose a material
risk of  liability for remediation, corrective action or clean-up.   (j)
The Real Property is not "property" within the definition  of Indiana Code
13-11-2-174. Neither Lafayette nor the Bank is required  to provide a
"disclosure document" to First Merchants as a result of  the Merger pursuant
to the Indiana Responsible Property Transfer Law  (I.C. ss. 13-25-3-1 et
seq.).   (k) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, there are no 
mechanic\'s or materialman\'s liens against the Real Property, and no  unpaid
claims for labor performed, materials furnished or services  rendered in
connection with constructing, improving or repairing the  Real Property in
respect of which liens may or could be filed against  the Real Property.  
5.21. Securities Law Compliance. Lafayette\'s common stock is traded on the
over-the-counter bulletin board of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. under the symbol of "LAYB." Lafayette has complied
in all material respects with all state, federal or foreign securities laws,
statutes, rules, regulations or orders, injunctions or decrees of any
government agency relating thereto. Lafayette has complied in all material
respects with all rules, regulations, orders, injunctions or decrees of the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and all entities related or
affiliated therewith and has filed all reports and documents required to be
filed with such entities. Lafayette has filed all reports and other documents
required to be filed by it under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the
Securities Act of 1933, including Lafayette\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2000, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2001, copies of which have previously been delivered
to First Merchants. All such Securities and Exchange Commission filings were
true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the dates of the
filings, and no such filings contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements, at the time and in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not false or misleading.   5.22. Broker\'s or Finder\'s
Fees. Except for Dain Rauscher Wessels, a division of Dain Rauscher
Incorporated, no agent, broker or other person acting on behalf of Lafayette
or the Bank or under any authority of Lafayette or the Bank is or shall be
entitled to any commission, broker\'s or finder\'s fee or any other form of
compensation or payment from any of the parties hereto, other
than attorneys\' or accountants\' fees, in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   5.23. Shareholder Rights
Plan. Except as otherwise provided in Lafayette\'s Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws, Lafayette has no shareholder rights plan or any other plan,
program or agreement involving, restricting, prohibiting or discouraging a
change in control or merger of Lafayette or which may be considered an anti-
takeover mechanism.   5.24. Indemnification Agreements. Except as set forth
in the Disclosure Letter, neither Lafayette nor the Bank is a party to any
indemnification, indemnity or reimbursement agreement, contract, commitment
or understanding to indemnify any present or former director, officer,
employee, shareholder or agent against any liability or hold the same
harmless from liability other than as expressly provided in the Articles of
Incorporation or By-Laws of Lafayette and the Bank.   5.25 Bring Down of
Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties of
Lafayette and the Bank contained in this Section 5 shall be true, accurate
and correct on and as of the Effective Date except as affected by the
transactions contemplated by and specified within the terms of
this Agreement.   5.26. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties contained in this Section 5 shall expire
on the Effective Date or the earlier termination of this Agreement, and
thereafter Lafayette and the Bank and all directors and officers of Lafayette
and the Bank shall have no further liability with respect thereto unless a
court of competent jurisdiction should determine that any misrepresentation
or breach of a warranty was willfully or intentionally made or is deemed to
be fraudulent.         SECTION 6   Representations and  Warranties
of First Merchants   First Merchants hereby represents and warrants to
Lafayette as follows. (For the purposes of this Section, a "Disclosure
Letter" is defined as a letter referencing Section 6 of this Agreement which
shall be prepared and executed by an authorized executive officer of First
Merchants and delivered to and initialed by an authorized executive officer
of Lafayette contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement).   6.01.
Organization and Qualification. First Merchants is a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana and has the corporate
power and authority to conduct its business in the manner and by the means
utilized as of the date hereof.   6.02. Authorization.   (a) First
Merchants has the corporate power and authority to  enter into this Agreement
and to carry out its obligations hereunder  subject to certain required
regulatory approvals and First Merchants\'  shareholder approval. The
Agreement, when executed and delivered, will  have been duly authorized and
will constitute a valid and binding  obligation of First Merchants,
enforceable in accordance with its  terms, except to the extent limited by
insolvency, reorganization,  liquidation, readjustment of debt, or other laws
of general application  relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditor\'s rights.   (b) Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, does or will (i) 
conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under  First
Merchants\' Articles of Incorporation or By-laws; (ii) conflict  with, result
in a breach of, or constitute a default under any federal,  foreign, state or
local law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, or  court or administrative
order or decree, or any note, bond, indenture,  mortgage, security agreement,
contract, arrangement, or commitment, to  which First Merchants is subject or
bound, the result of which would  materially affect the business or financial
condition of First  Merchants; (iii) result in the creation of or give any
person,  corporation or entity, the right to create any lien, charge,
claim,  encumbrance, security interest, or any other rights of others or
other  adverse interest upon any right, property or asset of First
Merchants;  (iv) terminate or give any person, corporation or entity the
right to  terminate, amend, abandon, or refuse to perform any note, bond, 
indenture, mortgage, security agreement, contract, arrangement, or 
commitment to which First Merchants is a party or by which First  Merchants
is subject or bound; or (v) accelerate or modify, or give any  party thereto
the right to accelerate or modify, the time within which,  or the terms
according to which, First Merchants is to perform any  duties or obligations
or receive any rights or benefits under any note,  bond, indenture, mortgage,
security agreement, contract, arrangement,  or commitment.   (c) Other than
in connection or in compliance with the  provisions of the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, federal and state  securities laws, and applicable
Indiana banking and corporate statutes,  all as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder,  no notice to, filing with, authorization
of, exemption by, or consent  or approval of, any public body or authority is
necessary for the  consummation by First Merchants of the transactions
contemplated by  this Agreement.   (d) Other than those filings,
authorizations, consents and  approvals referenced in Section 6.02(c) above
and filings and approvals  relating to the listing of the shares of First
Merchants common stock  to be issued in the Merger on the National Market
System of NASDAQ and  certain other filings and approvals with NASDAQ
relating to the change  in the number of shares of First Merchants
outstanding as a result of  the Merger, no notice to, filing with,
authorization of, execution by,  or consent or approval of, any third party
is necessary for the  consummation by First Merchants of the transactions
contemplated by  this Agreement.   6.03. Capitalization.   (a) As of
October 14, 2001, First Merchants had 50,000,000  shares of common stock
authorized, no par value, of which 12,675,468  shares were issued and
outstanding. Such issued and outstanding shares  of First Merchants\' common
stock have been duly and validly authorized  by all necessary corporate
action of First Merchants, are validly  issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and have not been issued in  violation of any preemptive rights of any
shareholders.   (b) First Merchants has 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock 
authorized, no par value, no shares of which have been issued and no 
commitments exist to issue any of such shares.   (c) The shares of First
Merchants\' common stock to be issued  pursuant to the Merger will be fully
paid, validly issued and  nonassessable.   6.04. Organizational Documents.
The Articles of Incorporation and By-laws of First Merchants in force as of
the date hereof have been delivered to Lafayette. The documents delivered by
it represent true, accurate and complete copies of the corporate documents of
First Merchants in effect as of the date of this Agreement.   6.05.
Litigation and Pending Proceedings. Except as set forth in the Disclosure
Letter, there are no claims of any kind, nor any action, suits, proceedings,
arbitrations or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of First
Merchants threatened, in any court or before any government agency or body,
arbitration panel or otherwise (nor does First Merchants have any knowledge
of a basis for any claim, action, suit, proceeding, arbitration
or investigation) against First Merchants or any of its subsidiaries which
are material to the business, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations or assets of First Merchants and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole. There are no material uncured violations, or violations with
respect to which material refunds or restitutions may be required, cited in
any compliance report to First Merchants or its subsidiary, First Merchants
Bank, National Association, as a result of an examination by any regulatory
agency or body.   6.06. Financial Statements. First Merchants consolidated
balance sheets as of the end of the two fiscal years ended December 31, 1999
and 2000 and the six (6) months ended June 30, 2001 and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders\' equity and cash flows for
the years or period then ended ("First Merchants Financial Information")
present fairly the consolidated financial condition or position of First
Merchants as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of
operations of First Merchants for the respective periods covered thereby and
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis. The First Merchants financial
statements as of and for the two (2) fiscal years ended December 31, 1999 and
2000 are audited financial statements.   6.07. Loans and Investments.  
(a) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, as of June  30, 2001, there
was no loan of First Merchants Bank, National  Association ("Bank
Subsidiary") in excess of $100,000 that had been  classified by bank
regulatory examiners as "Other Loans Specially  Mentioned," "Substandard,"
"Doubtful" or "Loss." All loans of First  Merchants Bank, National
Association as of June 30, 2001, in excess of  $100,000 that management has
determined to be ninety (90) days or more  past due with respect to principal
or interest or has placed on  nonaccrual status are set forth in the
Disclosure Letter.   (b) Each of the reserves and allowances for possible
loan  losses and the carrying value for real estate owned which are shown
on  the First Merchants Financial Information is, in the opinion of First 
Merchants, adequate in all material respects under the requirements of 
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis  to
provide for possible losses on loans outstanding and real estate  owned as of
the date of such First Merchants Financial Information.   (c) Except as set
forth in the Disclosure Letter, none of the  investments reflected in the
First Merchants Financial Information and  none of the investments made by
First Merchants or its subsidiary,  First Merchants Bank, National
Association, since June 30, 2001 is  subject to any restrictions, whether
contractual or statutory, which  materially impairs the ability of First
Merchants or its subsidiary,  First Merchants Bank, National Association, to
dispose freely of such  investment at any time. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter,  neither First Merchants nor its subsidiary, First
Merchants Bank,  National Association, is a party to any repurchase
agreements with  respect to securities.   6.08. Employee Benefit Plans.  
(a) The Disclosure Letter contains a list identifying each  "employee benefit
plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee  Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), which (i)  is subject to any provision of
ERISA, and (ii) is maintained,  administered or contributed to by First
Merchants or its subsidiaries  and covers any employee, director or former
employee or director of  First Merchants or its subsidiaries under which
First Merchants or any  of its subsidiaries has any liability. Copies of such
plans (and, if  applicable, related trust agreements or insurance contracts)
and all  amendments thereto and written interpretations thereof have been 
furnished to Lafayette together with the three most recent annual  reports
prepared in connection with any such plan and the current  summary plan
descriptions. Such plans are hereinafter referred to  individually as a
"First Merchants Employee Plan" and collectively as  the "First Merchants
Employee Plans." The First Merchants Employee  Plans which individually or
collectively would constitute an "employee  pension benefit plan" as defined
in Section 3(2)(A) of ERISA are  identified in the list referred to
above.   (b) The First Merchants Employee Plans comply with and have  been
operated in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations,  rulings and
other requirements the breach or violation of which could  materially affect
First Merchants, any of its subsidiaries, or a First  Merchants Employee
Plan. Each First Merchants Employee Plan has been  administered in
substantial conformance with such requirements and all  reports and
information required with respect to each First Merchants  Employee Plan have
been timely given.   (c) No "prohibited transaction," as defined in Section
406 of  ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, for which no statutory or 
administrative exemption exists, and no "reportable event," as defined  in
Section 4043(b) of ERISA, for which a notice is required to be  filed, has
occurred with respect to any First Merchants Employee Plan.  Neither First
Merchants nor any of its subsidiaries has any outstanding  liability to the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC"), or any  liability to the
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), to the Department of  Labor ("DOL") or to
an employee or First Merchants Employee Plan  beneficiary under Section 502
of ERISA.   (d) To the best knowledge of First Merchants, no "fiduciary," 
as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA, of a First Merchants Employee  Plan has
failed to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of  ERISA.   (e) Each
of the First Merchants Employee Plans which is  intended to be qualified
under Code Section 401(a) has been amended to  comply in all material
respects with the applicable requirements of the  Code, including the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, the Revenue Act of 1987,  the Technical and Miscellaneous
Revenue Act of 1988, the Omnibus Budget  Reconciliation Act of 1989, the
Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990, the  Tax Extension Act of 1991, the
Unemployment Compensation Amendments of  1992, the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1993, and the Retirement  Protection Act of 1994 and
any rules, regulations or other requirements  promulgated thereunder (the
"Acts"). In addition, each such First  Merchants Employee Plan has been and
is being operated in substantial  conformance with the applicable provisions
of ERISA and the Code, as  amended by the Acts, including operational
compliance with the Uruguay  Round Agreements Act, the Uniformed Services
Employment and  Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the Small Business Job
Protection Act  of 1996, the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, and the Internal
Revenue  Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (even though actual
plan  amendments do not have to be made until the last day of the 2001 plan 
year). Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, First Merchants  and/or
its subsidiaries, as applicable, sought and received favorable  determination
letters from the IRS within the applicable remedial  amendment periods under
Code Section 401(b), and have furnished to  Lafayette copies of the most
recent IRS determination letters with  respect to any such First Merchants
Employee Plan.   (f) No First Merchants Employee Plan has incurred an 
"accumulated funding deficiency," as determined under Code Section 412  and
ERISA Section 302.   (g) No First Merchants Employee Plan has been
terminated or  incurred a partial termination (either voluntarily or
involuntarily).   (h) No claims against a First Merchants Employee Plan,
First  Merchants, or any of its subsidiaries, with respect to a First 
Merchants Employee Plan (other than normal benefit claims), have been 
asserted or, to the best knowledge of First Merchants, threatened.   (i) To
the best knowledge of First Merchants, no event has  occurred that would
cause the imposition of the tax described in Code  Section 4980B. To the best
knowledge of First Merchants, all  requirements of ERISA Section 601 have
been met.   (j) Except as set forth in the Disclosure Letter, there has 
been no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement (whether  or not
written) by First Merchants or any of its subsidiaries relating  to, or
change in employee participation or coverage under, any First  Merchants
Employee Plan which would increase materially the expense of  maintaining
such First Merchants Employee Plans above the level of the  expense incurred
in respect thereof for the fiscal year ended December  31, 2000.   (k) For
purposes of this Section 6.08, references to First  Merchants or its
subsidiaries are deemed to include (i) all  predecessors of First Merchants
or its subsidiaries, (ii) all members  of any controlled group (as determined
under Code Section 414(b) or  (c)) that includes First Merchants or any of
its subsidiaries, and  (iii) all members of any affiliated service group (as
determined under  Code Section 414(m) or (n)) that includes First Merchants
or any of its  subsidiaries.   6.09. Taxes, Returns and Reports. First
Merchants and its subsidiaries have (a) duly filed all federal, state, local
and foreign tax returns of every type and kind required to be filed as of the
date hereof, and each return is true, complete and accurate in all material
respects; (b) paid in all material respects all taxes, assessments and other
governmental charges due or claimed to be due upon them or any of their
income, properties or assets; and (c) not requested an extension of time for
any such payments (which extension is still in force). Except for taxes not
yet due and payable, the reserve for taxes on the First Merchants Financial
Information is adequate to cover all of First Merchants\' and its
subsidiaries\' tax liabilities (including, without limitation, income taxes
and franchise fees) that may become payable in future years with respect to
any transactions consummated prior to June 30, 2001. Neither First Merchants
not any of its subsidiaries has, or will have, any liability for taxes of any
nature for or with respect to the operation of their business, including the
assets of any subsidiary, from June 30, 2001, up to and including
the Effective Date, except to the extent reflected on their First
Merchants Financial Information or on financial statements of First Merchants
subsequent to such date and as set forth in the Disclosure Letter. Neither
First Merchants nor any of its subsidiaries is currently under audit by any
state or federal taxing authority. Except as set forth in the Disclosure
Letter, neither the federal, state, or local tax returns of First Merchants
or its subsidiaries have been audited by any taxing authority during the past
five (5) years.   6.10. Reports. Since January 1, 1995, First Merchants and
its subsidiaries have timely filed all reports, registrations and
statements, together with any required amendments thereto, that it was
required to file with the Regulatory Authorities having jurisdiction over the
affairs of either First Merchants or its subsidiaries. All such reports filed
by First Merchants and its subsidiaries complied in all material respects
with all the rules and regulations promulgated by the applicable Regulatory
Authorities and are true, accurate and complete in all material respects and
were prepared in conformity with generally accepted regulatory accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis. Except as set forth in the
Disclosure Letter, there is no unresolved violation, criticism or exception
by any of the Regulatory Authorities with respect to any report or statement
filed by, or any examinations of, First Merchants or its subsidiary, First
Merchants Bank, National Association.   6.11. Absence of Defaults. First
Merchants is not in violation of its charter documents or By-Laws or in
default under any material agreement, commitment, arrangement, loan, lease,
insurance policy or other instrument, whether entered into in the ordinary
course of business or otherwise and whether written or oral, and there has
not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or giving of notice or
both, would constitute such a default, except for defaults which would not
have a material adverse effect on the business of First Merchants or its
subsidiaries.   6.12. Accuracy of Statements. Neither this Agreement nor any
report, statement, list, certificate or other information furnished or to be
furnished by First Merchants to Lafayette pursuant to or in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, any information which has been or shall be supplied by First
Merchants with respect to its business, operations and financial condition
for inclusion in the proxy statement and registration statement relating to
the Merger) contains or shall contain (in the case of information relating to
the proxy statement at the time it is mailed and to the registration
statement at the time it becomes effective) any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits or shall omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements contained herein or therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.   6.13. Compliance
With Law. First Merchants has not engaged in any activity nor taken or
omitted to take any action which has resulted or, to the knowledge of First
Merchants, could result in the violation of any local, state, federal or
foreign law, statute, rule, regulation or ordinance or of any
order, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or government agency or
body, the violation of which could materially adversely affect the business,
prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of
First Merchants. First Merchants possesses all licenses, franchises, permits
and other authorizations necessary for the continued conduct of its business
without material interference or interruption. There are no agreements or
understandings with, nor any orders or directives of, any regulatory agencies
or government authorities, which would have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial position of First Merchants. First Merchants has
received no written inquiries from any regulatory agency or government
authority relating to its compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, the Truth-in-
Lending Act or the Community Reinvestment Act or any laws with respect to the
protection of the environment or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. First Merchants has received no inquiries from any regulatory
agency or government authority relating to its compliance with any securities
laws applicable to First Merchants.   6.14. Absence of Certain Changes.
Except for events and conditions relating to the business and interest rate
environment in general (including consequences of the terrorist attack on the
United States on September 11, 2001) and the accrual or payment of Merger-
related expenses, since June 30, 2001, no events or conditions of any
character, whether actual, threatened or contemplated, have occurred, or can
reasonably be expected to occur, which materially adversely affect First
Merchants consolidated business, prospects, conditions (financial or
otherwise), assets or results of operations or which have caused, or can
reasonably be expected to cause, First Merchants business, on a consolidated
basis, to be conducted in a materially less profitable manner than prior to
June 30, 2001.   6.15. First Merchants Securities and Exchange Commission
Filings. First Merchants has complied in all material respects with all
state, federal or foreign securities laws, statutes, rules, regulations or
orders, injunctions or decrees of any government agency relating thereto.
First Merchants has filed all reports and other documents required to be
filed by it under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act
of 1933, including First Merchants\' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2001, copies of which have previously been delivered to
Lafayette. All such Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings were
true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the dates of the
filings, and no such filings contained any untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements, at the time and in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not false or misleading.   6.16. Environmental Matters.  
(a) Neither First Merchants nor any of its subsidiaries has  caused or
allowed the generation, treatment, storage, disposal or  release at any real
property owned or leased by them of any Toxic  Substance, except in
accordance with all applicable federal, state and  local laws and
regulations.   (b) Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Letter, there are
no  underground storage tanks located on, in or under any real property 
owned by First Merchants or any of its subsidiaries and no such owned  real
property has previously contained an underground storage tank.  Neither First
Merchants nor any of its subsidiaries own or operate any  underground storage
tank at any real property leased by them and no  such leased real property
has previously contained an underground  storage tank. No such owned or
leased real property is or has been  listed on the CERCLIS.   (c) No Toxic
Substance has been released, spilled, discharged  or disposed at, in, on or
under any real property owned or leased by  First Merchants or any of its
subsidiaries nor are there any other  conditions or circumstances affecting
any real property owned or leased  by First Merchants or any of its
subsidiaries, in each case, which  would pose a significant risk to the
environment or the health or  safety of persons or otherwise pose a material
risk of liability for  remediation, corrective action or clean-up.   6.17.
Bring Down of Representations and Warranties. All representations and
warranties of First Merchants contained in this Section 6 shall be
true, accurate and correct on and as of the Effective Date except as affected
by the transactions contemplated by and specified within the terms of this
Agreement.   6.18. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties contained in this Section 6 shall expire
on the Effective Date or the earlier termination of this Agreement, and
thereafter First Merchants and all directors and officers of First Merchants
shall have no further liability with respect thereto unless a court of
competent jurisdiction should determine that any misrepresentation or breach
of a warranty was willfully or intentionally made or is deemed to be
fraudulent.    SECTION 7   Covenants of Lafayette   Lafayette covenants
and agrees with First Merchants, and covenants and agrees to cause the Bank
to act, as follows:   7.01. Shareholder Approval. Lafayette shall submit
this Agreement to its shareholders for approval at a meeting to be called and
held in accordance with applicable law and the Articles of Incorporation and
By-Laws of Lafayette at the earliest possible reasonable date, and, subject
to Section 7.05 hereof, the Board of Directors of Lafayette shall recommend
to the shareholders of Lafayette that such shareholders approve this
Agreement and shall not thereafter withdraw or modify its recommendation. The
Board of Directors of Lafayette shall use its best efforts to obtain any vote
of its shareholders necessary for the approval of this Agreement.   7.02.
Other Approvals. Lafayette and the Bank shall proceed expeditiously,
cooperate fully and use their best efforts to procure upon reasonable terms
and conditions all consents, authorizations, approvals, registrations and
certificates, to complete all filings and applications and to satisfy all
other requirements prescribed by law which are necessary for consummation of
the Merger on the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement at the
earliest possible reasonable date.   7.03. Conduct of Business.   (a) On
and after the date of this Agreement and until the  Effective Date or until
this Agreement shall be terminated as herein  provided, neither Lafayette nor
the Bank shall, without the prior  written consent of First Merchants, (i)
make any material changes in  their capital structure; (ii) authorize a class
of stock or issue, or  authorize the issuance of, stock other than or in
addition to the  outstanding stock as set forth in Section 5.03 hereof; (iii)
declare,  distribute or pay any dividends on their shares of common stock,
or  authorize a stock split, or make any other distribution to their 
shareholders, except for (a) the payment by Lafayette prior to the  Effective
Date of quarterly cash dividends on its common stock in the  amount of $.11
per share plus a year-end special dividend of up to $.05  per share (provided
the declaration of the last dividend by Lafayette  prior to the Effective
Date and the payment thereof shall be  coordinated with First Merchants so
that the holders of Lafayette  common stock do not receive dividends on both
Lafayette common stock  and First Merchants common stock received in the
Merger in respect of  such quarter or fail to receive a dividend on at least
one of the  Lafayette common stock or First Merchants common stock received
in the  Merger in respect of such quarter), and (b) the payment by the Bank
to  Lafayette of dividends to pay Lafayette\'s expenses of operations and 
its business and payment of fees and expenses incurred in connection  with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) except as  set forth in
the Disclosure Letter, merge, combine or consolidate with  or sell their
assets or any of their securities to any other person,  corporation or
entity, effect a share exchange or enter into any other  transaction not in
the ordinary course of business; (v) except as set  forth in the Disclosure
Letter, incur any liability or obligation, make  any commitment, payment or
disbursement, enter into any contract,  agreement, understanding or
arrangement or engage in any transaction,  or acquire or dispose of any
property or asset having a fair market  value in excess of $10,000.00 (except
for personal or real property  acquired or disposed of in connection with
foreclosures on mortgages or  enforcement of security interests and loans
made or sold by the Bank in  the ordinary course of business); (vi) subject
any of their properties  or assets to a mortgage, lien, claim, charge,
option, restriction,  security interest or encumbrance; (vii) promote or
increase or decrease  the rate of compensation or enter into any agreement to
promote or  increase or decrease the rate of compensation of any director,
officer  or employee of Lafayette or the Bank (except for year end bonuses in
an  aggregate amount not to exceed $550,000, and promotions and  non-
material increases in the ordinary course of business and in  accordance with
past practices); (viii) except as set forth in the  Disclosure Letter,
execute, create, institute, modify or amend any  pension, retirement,
savings, stock purchase, stock bonus, stock  ownership, stock option, stock
appreciation or depreciation right or  profit sharing plans, any employment,
deferred compensation,  consultant, bonus or collective bargaining agreement,
group insurance  contract or other incentive, welfare or employee benefit
plan or  agreement for current or former directors, officers or employees
of  Lafayette or the Bank, change the level of benefits or payments under 
any of the foregoing or increase or decrease any severance or  termination
pay benefits or any other fringe or employee benefits other  than as required
by law or regulatory authorities or specifically  provided for in this
Agreement; (ix) amend their Articles of  Incorporation or By-Laws from those
in effect on the date of this  Agreement; (x) modify, amend or institute new
employment policies or  practices, or enter into, renew or extend any
employment or severance  agreements with respect to any present or former
Lafayette or Bank  directors, officers or employees; (xi) give, dispose,
sell, convey,  assign, hypothecate, pledge, encumber or otherwise transfer or
grant a  security interest in any common stock of the Bank; (xii) fail to
make  additions to the Bank\'s reserve for loan losses, or any other
reserve  account, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with 
sound banking practices; (xiii) other than in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice, incur any indebtedness for  borrowed
money or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an  accommodation become
responsible or liable for the obligations of any  other individual,
corporation or other entity; and (xiv) agree in  writing or otherwise to take
any of the foregoing actions.   (b) Lafayette and the Bank shall maintain,
or cause to be  maintained, in full force and effect insurance on its
properties and  operations and fidelity coverage on its directors, officers
and  employees in such amounts and with regard to such liabilities and 
hazards as customarily are maintained by other companies operating  similar
businesses.   (c) Lafayette and the Bank shall continue to give to First 
Merchants and its employees, accountants, attorneys and other  authorized
representatives reasonable access during regular business  hours and other
reasonable times to all their premises, properties,  statements, books and
records.   7.04. Preservation of Business. On and after the date of this
Agreement and until the Effective Date or until this Agreement is terminated
as herein provided, Lafayette and the Bank each shall (a) carry on their
business diligently, substantially in the same manner as heretofore
conducted, and in the ordinary course of business; (b) use their best efforts
to preserve their business organizations intact, to keep their present
officers and employees and to preserve their present relationship with
customers and others having business dealings with them; and (c) not do or
fail to do anything which will cause a material breach of, or material
default in, any contract, agreement, commitment, obligation, understanding,
arrangement, lease or license to which they are a party or by which they are
or may be subject or bound.   7.05. Other Negotiations. On and after the
date of this Agreement and until the Effective Date, Lafayette and the Bank
shall not, and shall not permit or authorize their respective directors,
officers, employees, agents or representatives to, directly or indirectly,
initiate, solicit, encourage, or engage in discussions or negotiations with,
or provide information to, any corporation, association, partnership, person
or other entity or group concerning any proposal by such corporation,
association, partnership, person or other entity or group for a merger,
consolidation, share exchange, combination, purchase or sale of substantial
assets, sale of shares of capital stock (or securities convertible or
exchangeable into or otherwise evidencing, or any agreement or instrument
evidencing the right to acquire, capital stock), tender offer, acquisition of
control of Lafayette or the Bank or similar transaction involving Lafayette
or the Bank (all such transactions hereinafter referred to as an "Acquisition
Transaction"). Lafayette and the Bank shall promptly communicate to First
Merchants the terms of any proposal, written or oral, which either may
receive with respect to an Acquisition Transaction and any request by or
indication of interest on the part of any third party with respect
to initiation of any Acquisition Transaction or discussion with respect
thereto. The above provisions of this Section 7.05 notwithstanding, nothing
contained in this Agreement shall prohibit (i) Lafayette from furnishing
information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, any person
or entity that makes an unsolicited proposal of an Acquisition Transaction if
and to the extent that (a) the Board of Directors of Lafayette, after
consultation with legal counsel and its investment banker, determines in good
faith that such action is required for the directors of Lafayette to fulfill
their fiduciary duties and obligations to Lafayette\'s shareholders and other
constituencies under Indiana law, and (b) prior to furnishing such
information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such
person or entity, Lafayette provides immediate written notice to First
Merchants to the effect that it is furnishing information to, or entering
into discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, or
(ii) notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.01, the Board of Directors
of Lafayette from failing to make, withdrawing or modifying its
recommendation to shareholders regarding the Merger following receipt of a
proposal for an Acquisition Transaction if the Board of Directors of
Lafayette, after consultation with and based upon the advice of legal counsel
and its investment banker, determines in good faith that such action is
required for the directors of Lafayette to fulfill their fiduciary duties and
obligations to Lafayette\'s shareholders and other constituencies under
Indiana law.   7.06. Restrictions Regarding Affiliates. Lafayette shall,
within thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement and promptly
thereafter until the Effective Date to reflect any changes or upon the
reasonable request of First Merchants, provide First Merchants with a list
identifying each person who may reasonably be deemed to be an "affiliate" of
Lafayette within the meaning of such term as used in Rule 145 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"). Each director, executive
officer and other person who is an "affiliate" of Lafayette for purposes of
the 1933 Act shall deliver to First Merchants, at least thirty-one (31) days
prior to the Effective Date, a written agreement, in form and substance
satisfactory to counsel to First Merchants, regarding compliance by each such
person with the provisions of such Rule 145.   7.07. Press Release. Except
as required by law, neither Lafayette nor the Bank shall issue any press
releases or make any other public announcements or disclosures relating to
the Merger without the prior approval of First Merchants, which approval will
not be unreasonably withheld.   7.08. Disclosure Letter. Lafayette shall
promptly supplement, amend and update monthly and as of the Effective Date
the Disclosure Letter with respect to any matters hereafter arising which, if
in existence or having occurred as of the date of this Agreement, would have
been required to be set forth or described in the Disclosure Letter.   7.09
Confidentiality. Lafayette agrees to abide by the terms of
the Confidentiality Agreement between Lafayette and First Merchants executed
as of August 28, 2001. This provision shall survive the Effective Date or the
earlier termination of this Agreement.   7.10. Cooperation. Lafayette shall
generally cooperate with First Merchants and its officers, employees,
attorneys, accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other acts
and things in good faith as may be reasonable, necessary or appropriate to
timely effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without
limitation, (i) Lafayette shall cooperate and assist First Merchants in
preparation of and/or filing of all regulatory applications, the registration
statement for registration of First Merchants\' shares, and all other
documentation required to be prepared for consummation of the Merger
and obtaining all necessary approvals, and (ii) Lafayette shall furnish
First Merchants with all information concerning itself and the Bank that
First Merchants may request in connection with the preparation of the
documentation referenced above. Prior to the Closing (as defined in Section
12 hereof), Lafayette agrees to disclose to First Merchants any fact or
matter that comes to the attention of Lafayette that might indicate that any
of the representations or warranties of Lafayette may be untrue, incorrect,
or misleading in any material respect.   7.11. Letter to Lafayette\'s
Shareholders. Within five (5) business days after execution of this Agreement
by Lafayette and First Merchants, Lafayette shall deposit in the United
States mail a letter to each of the shareholders of record of Lafayette as of
the date of execution of this Agreement informing each shareholder about the
execution of this Agreement and the proposed Merger. The terms of such letter
to the shareholders of Lafayette shall be in a form mutually agreed to by
First Merchants and Lafayette.   7.12. Exercise of Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights. Lafayette shall cause the stock options disclosed
pursuant to Section 5.03(c) hereof to be exercised and the related shares of
Lafayette\'s common stock to be issued on or immediately before the Effective
Date. Lafayette commits that no cash shall be paid to option holders in
connection with the exercise of such options and that immediately prior to
the Effective Date of the Merger, Lafayette shall have no more than 4,194,104
shares of common stock outstanding. Thereafter, each option to which this
Section 7.12 applies will be exercised and cease to exist. Prior to the
Effective Date, Lafayette shall take all action necessary to cause each SAR
outstanding at the Effective Date under Lafayette\'s Officers\'
Stock Appreciation Rights Plan as disclosed pursuant to Section 5.03(e),
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, to be converted into
the right to receive from Lafayette, at the Effective Date, cash equal to the
difference between the Base Price and $30.00 times the number of shares of
Lafayette common stock to which such SAR relates; provided, however, that the
payer shall withhold from such cash payment any taxes required to be withheld
by applicable law. Each SAR to which this Section 7.12 applies will be
canceled and cease to exist by virtue of such payment. On or prior to the
Effective Date, Lafayette shall take all action necessary to terminate all
stock option and SAR plans of Lafayette. From and after the date hereof,
Lafayette covenants that no additional stock options or SARs shall be granted
by Lafayette under any stock option or SAR plans of Lafayette or
otherwise.   7.13. SEC and Other Reports. Promptly upon its becoming
available, Lafayette shall furnish to First Merchants one (1) copy of each
financial statement, report, notice, or proxy statement sent by Lafayette to
its shareholders generally and of each regular or periodic report,
registration statement or prospectus filed by Lafayette with NASDAQ or the
SEC or any successor agency, of any order issued by any Governmental
Authority in any proceeding to which Lafayette is a party, and of any notice
or communication received by Lafayette from NASDAQ or the SEC. For purposes
of this provision, "Governmental Authority" shall mean any government (or any
political subdivision or jurisdiction thereof), court, bureau, agency or
other governmental entity having or asserting jurisdiction over Lafayette or
any of its respective businesses, operations or properties.   7.14. Adverse
Actions. Lafayette shall not (a) take any action while knowing that such
action would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code;
or (b) knowingly take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely to
result in (i) any of its representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement being or becoming untrue in any respect at any time at or prior to
the Effective Date, (ii) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth
in Section 9 not being satisfied, (iii) a material violation of any provision
of this Agreement, or (iv) a delay in the consummation of the Merger except,
in each case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.   
SECTION 8   Covenants of First Merchants   First Merchants covenants and
agrees with Lafayette as follows:   8.01. Shareholder Approval. First
Merchants shall submit this Agreement to its shareholders for approval at a
meeting to be called and held in accordance with applicable law and the
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of First Merchants at the earliest
possible reasonable date, and the Board of Directors of First Merchants shall
recommend to the shareholders of First Merchants that such shareholders
approve this Agreement and shall not thereafter withdraw or modify its
recommendation. The Board of Directors of First Merchants shall use its best
efforts to obtain any vote of its shareholders necessary for the approval of
this Agreement.   8.02. Approvals. First Merchants shall proceed
expeditiously, cooperate fully and use its best efforts to procure upon
reasonable terms and conditions all consents, authorizations, approvals,
registrations and certificates, to complete all filings and applications and
to satisfy all other requirements prescribed by law which are necessary for
consummation of the Merger on the terms and conditions provided in this
Agreement at the earliest possible reasonable date. First Merchants agrees to
use its best efforts to raise any additional capital which might be required
to obtain any required regulatory approvals of the Merger. First Merchants
shall provide Lafayette with copies of proposed regulatory filings in
connection with the Merger and afford Lafayette the opportunity to offer
comment on the filings before filing. Not in limitation of the foregoing,
First Merchants agrees to prepare a registration statement on Form S-4 (the
"Registration Statement"), to be filed by First Merchants with the SEC in
connection with the issuance of First Merchants common stock in the Merger
(including the proxy statements and prospectus and other proxy solicitation
materials of Lafayette and First Merchants constituting a part thereof (the
"Proxy Statement") and all related documents). The Proxy Statement shall
fully disclose that Lafayette\'s shareholders have dissenters\' rights
under IND. CODE ss. 23-1-44 et. seq. First Merchants agrees to advise
Lafayette, promptly after First Merchants receives notice thereof, of the
time when the Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement
or amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the
suspension of the qualification of First Merchants common stock for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or threat of any proceeding
for any such purpose, or of any request by the SEC for the amendment or
supplement of the Registration Statement or for additional information. First
Merchants agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to list, prior to the
Effective Date, on the National Market System of NASDAQ (subject to official
notice of issuance), the shares of First Merchants common stock to be issued
to the holders of Lafayette common stock in the Merger.   8.03. Employee
Benefit Plans.   (a) General. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 
8.03, on a date no later than January 1, 2004 (the "Entry Date"), First 
Merchants will make available to the employees of Lafayette and the  Bank who
continue as employees of First Merchants or any subsidiary of  First
Merchants no less favorable employee benefits than First  Merchants offers to
similarly situated employees of its banking  subsidiaries from time to time.
Except as otherwise provided in this  Section 8.03, as of the Entry Date,
First Merchants will amend or cause  to be amended each employee benefit plan
of First Merchants and its  subsidiaries in which former Lafayette or Bank
employees are eligible  to participate, to the extent necessary, so that as
of such date (i)  such plans take into account for purposes of eligibility,
vesting, and  benefit accrual, the service of such employees with Lafayette
and the  Bank as if such service were with First Merchants and its
subsidiaries,  to the same extent that such service was credited under a
comparable  plan of Lafayette and the Bank, (ii) former Lafayette and Bank 
employees are not subject to any waiting periods or pre-existing  condition
limitations under the medical, dental and health plans of  First Merchants or
its subsidiaries in which they are eligible to  participate and may commence
participation in such plans on the  specified date, (iii) former Lafayette
and Bank employees will retain  credit for unused sick leave and vacation pay
which has been accrued as  of the Entry Date, and (iv) for purposes of
determining the entitlement  of former Lafayette and Bank employees to sick
leave and vacation pay  following the Entry Date, the service of such
employees with Lafayette  and the Bank shall be treated as if such service
were with First  Merchants. Until such time as the employees of Lafayette or
the Bank  become covered by First Merchants employee benefit plans, they
will  remain covered by the benefit plans of Lafayette or the Bank, subject 
to the terms of such plans.   (b) Employees\' Salary Savings Plan. Following
the Effective  Date, First Merchants agrees to cause the Bank, or any
successor in  interest to the Bank, to maintain and honor all obligations
(including  the Bank\'s matching contributions to the Lafayette employees at
no less  than its current level of 50% of up to 4% of employee compensation 
contributed by employees) under the Bank\'s Employees\' Salary Savings  Plan
(the "Lafayette 401(k) Plan"). Notwithstanding the foregoing,  First
Merchants may amend or merge the Lafayette 401(k) Plan with its  existing
401(k) Plan provided it continues an employer match at a level  no less than
the level set forth above for former Lafayette employees  for at least five
years following the Effective Date, to the extent it  is permitted to do so
under ERISA or the Code.   (c) Group Insurance. Following the Effective
Date, First  Merchants agrees to cause the Bank, or any successor in interest
to the  Bank, to honor all obligations under the Bank\'s group insurance
program  for health, life, dental and accident and disability insurance
(the  "Bank Insurance Program"), including obligations owed under such plan 
to present retirees, to employees of the Bank who retire before January  1,
2005, and to two former directors and a widow of a former director  of the
Bank ("Retirees"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, First  Merchants may
replace the Bank Insurance Program with its own program,  subject to
modifications it deems appropriate, provided that it agrees  (and agrees to
cause any successor in interest to agree) to continue in  effect for all
Retirees a comparable level of insurance coverage at no  greater cost (as
determined by the same methodology as currently being  used by the Bank) than
that being received or paid by such Retirees at  the Effective Date.   (d)
Employees\' Pension Plan. On the Entry Date, the Bank\'s  Employees\' Pension
Plan (the "Bank Pension Plan") will be frozen, and  all accrued benefits of
participants in that Bank Pension Plan,  including cost of living increases
provided for in the Plan as of the  date of freezing of such Plan, shall
thereupon be fully vested and  shall become payable at the times and in the
amounts provided for under  that Plan. No amendments except those required by
law shall be made to  the Bank Pension Plan prior to the Entry Date. All
Lafayette and Bank  employees satisfying eligibility requirements of such
plan as of the  Entry Date will be entitled to become eligible to participate
in First  Merchants retirement plan on the Entry Date, receiving credit for
past  service with Lafayette and the Bank for vesting, eligibility and 
benefit purposes under the First Merchants retirement plan. Benefits  payable
under the First Merchants retirement plan to former Lafayette  or Bank
employees shall be offset (but not below zero) by actuarial  equivalent
present values (as determined using the actuarial factors  set forth in the
Bank Pension Plan) of the accrued benefit payable to  them under the Bank
Pension Plan (excluding any cost of living  adjustments accruing on or after
the Entry Date). First Merchants shall  be responsible for freezing of the
Bank Pension Plan and for making any  required or appropriate application to
the IRS for a determination  letter to the effect that such freezing will not
adversely affect the  tax-qualified status of such plan and for providing any
notices to the  Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or other governmental
entity  regarding the withdrawal.   (e) Director Emeritus Supplemental
Retirement Benefits Plan.  As of the Effective Date, First Merchants agrees
to honor all  obligations (and to cause any successor in interest to First
Merchants  to honor all obligations) to the following individuals
participating in  Lafayette\'s Director Emeritus Supplemental Retirement
Benefits Plan  (the "SDRP"): Robert T. Jeffares, Roy D. Meeks, Vernon N.
Furrer,  Joseph A. Bonner, Wilbur L. Hancock, Eric P. Meister, Robert J.
Weeder,  Richard A. Boehning, Jeffrey L. Kessler, Gordon G. Beemer, George
H.  DeVault, and Charles E. Maki; provided, however, that subject to 
obtaining the necessary consents to such action by Mr. Beemer, Mr.  DeVault
and Mr. Maki, the SDRP shall be amended on or before the  Effective Date to
provide for the payment to each participant therein  of the present value of
future director fees payable to such  participant under the SDRP based on the
directors fees payable at the  Effective Date as to directors of the Bank who
have not yet retired  from the Board and based on the life expectancies of
the participants  in the SDRP. In determining the present value and life
expectancies,  the same actuarial assumptions currently used by the
actuaries  administering the Bank Pension Plan shall be used. Such present
value  amount as determined for each participant as of the Effective Date 
shall be paid in three substantially equal annual installments  commencing
with the first payment payable 30 days after the Effective  Date. The unpaid
installments shall bear interest at an annual rate  equal to the discount
rate applied in determining the present value of  the benefits.   (f)
Director Deferred Compensation Plan. Following the  Effective Date, First
Merchants agrees to cause the Bank, or any  successor in interest to the
Bank, to honor all obligations to the  following individuals participating in
the Director Deferred  Compensation Plan of the Bank, until the obligations
are paid in full  thereunder to such individuals or their beneficiaries:
Robert T.  Jeffares, Roy D. Meeks, Vernon N. Furrer, Joseph A. Bonner, Wilbur
L.  Hancock, Eric P. Meister, Robert J. Weeder, and Richard A. Boehning.  
(g) Severance. First Merchants does not intend to terminate  any employees of
Lafayette or the Bank in connection with the Merger.  However, should it
decide to do so, it shall consult with the President  and Chief Executive
Officer of the Bank about appropriate severance  benefits payable in
connection with any such termination. Nothing in  this Section 8.03(g) shall
be deemed to limit or modify First  Merchants\' at will employment
policy.   (h) COBRA. First Merchants shall be responsible for providing 
COBRA continuation coverage to any qualified employee or former  employee of
Lafayette or the Bank and to their respective qualified  beneficiaries, on
and after the Effective Date, regardless of when the  qualifying event
occurred.   8.04. Press Release. Except as required by law, First Merchants
shall not issue any press releases or make any other public announcements
or disclosures relating to the Merger without the prior approval of
Lafayette, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.   8.05.
Confidentiality. First Merchants agrees to abide by the terms of the
Confidentiality Agreement between Lafayette and First Merchants executed
as of August 28, 2001. This provision shall survive the Effective Date or
the earlier termination of this Agreement.   8.06. Covenants Regarding the
Bank. Upon consummation of the Merger, the Bank shall be a state bank
organized under the laws of the State of Indiana and the directors of the
Bank in office immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger shall be
the directors of the Bank at the Effective Date and entitled to directors
fees that are no lower than the directors fees in effect at the Effective
Date. Thereafter, the Bank directors who desire to continue to serve in that
capacity shall do so for at least the remainder of the terms to which they
have been elected, subject to First Merchants\' policy of
mandatory retirement as described below. First Merchants will cause these
directors to be renominated to the Board of the Bank for additional terms
which would extend to at least a date five (5) years following the Effective
Date, subject to First Merchants\' policy of mandatory retirement as
described in the next sentence. The Bank directors will be subject to First
Merchants\' policy of mandatory retirement at age seventy (70); provided,
however, the policy of mandatory retirement will not apply to any of the
Bank\'s current directors until twenty-four (24) months after the Effective
Date. First Merchants shall continue to operate the Bank as an operating
subsidiary of First Merchants under the name "Lafayette Bank and Trust
Company" or a name substantially similar thereto for a period of at least
five (5) years following the Effective Date.   8.07 Board of Directors of
First Merchants. First Merchants shall cause all necessary action to be taken
to cause Richard A. Boehning and Robert T. Jeffares, or such other
replacements for such persons as shall be agreed to by First Merchants and
Lafayette, to either (i) be nominated for election as members of the First
Merchants\' Board of Directors for a three (3) year term at the first annual
meeting of the shareholders of First Merchants following the Effective Date;
or (ii) to be appointed as members of the First Merchants\' Board of
Directors at the next meeting of the First Merchants\' Board of
Directors following the Effective Date to serve until the first annual
meeting of the shareholders of First Merchants following the Effective Date
and then to be nominated for election as members of the First Merchants\'
Board of Directors for a three (3) year term at the first annual meeting of
the shareholders of First Merchants following the Effective Date, whichever
can be effected first depending on the timing of the occurrence of the
Effective Date. The two (2) individuals from the Board of Directors of
Lafayette elected to the Board of Directors of First Merchants shall be
subject to First Merchants\' policy of mandatory retirement at age seventy
(70); provided, however, the policy of mandatory retirement will not apply to
such individuals until twenty-four (24) months after the Effective Date.
First Merchants shall cause one of the two (2) individuals from the Board of
Directors of Lafayette elected to the Board of Directors of First Merchants
to be elected as the Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee of First
Merchants. In addition, First Merchants agrees that it shall make a good
faith effort to expand the size of the Board of Directors of the Bank and the
Board of Directors of First Merchants within one (1) year following the
Effective Date to add two (2) additional members to each such board. The same
two (2) individuals shall be added to both the Board of Directors of
First Merchants and the Board of Directors of the Bank. Such individuals must
be residents of Tippecanoe County, Indiana. The Bank may recommend the names
of potential candidates to be elected to the Board of Directors of First
Merchants and the Bank; provided, however, that First Merchants shall have
the ultimate authority to choose the two (2) individuals to be added to such
boards in its sole discretion. If First Merchants is unable to appoint (2)
individuals who are residents of Tippecanoe County to serve as Board members
of the Bank and of First Merchants within one (1) year following the
Effective Date, it agrees to appoint two of the Bank\'s directors of its
choosing not currently on the First Merchants Board to those positions on the
Board of First Merchants.   8.08 Officers of the Bank and First Merchants.
At the Effective Date, the officers of the Bank in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Date shall remain the officers of the Bank. Robert J.
Weeder, currently President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, shall
remain in such position earning compensation no less than what he is earning
at the Effective Date (subject to normal and customary increases and bonuses)
until he attains 65 years of age. Effective upon Joseph A. Bonner\'s
retirement as Chairman of the Board of the Bank, First Merchants shall use
its best efforts to cause the Bank\'s Board of Directors to select Robert J.
Weeder as Chairman of the Board of the Bank to serve in such position, at
compensation and customary bonuses of no less than that which was being
received at the Effective Date by Joseph A. Bonner, until Mr. Weeder attains
70 years of age. Consideration will be given for the chief executive officer
replacement for Mr. Weeder upon his attainment of age 65 to all qualified
candidates, both internal and external. At the Effective Date, Robert J.
Weeder shall also be appointed Senior Vice President of First Merchants and
in that capacity shall be invited to attend all First Merchants Board of
Directors meetings.   8.09. Directors and Officers Insurance.   (a) For a
period of at least three years from the Effective  Date, First Merchants
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain  an endorsement to its
director\'s and officer\'s liability insurance  policy to cover the present
and former officers and directors of  Lafayette and the Bank (determined as
of the Effective Date) with  respect to claims against such directors and
officers arising from  facts or events which occurred before the Effective
Date, which  insurance shall contain at least the same coverage and amounts,
and  contain terms and conditions no less advantageous, as that coverage 
currently provided by Lafayette; provided however, that if First  Merchants
is unable to obtain such endorsement, then Lafayette may  purchase tail
coverage under its existing director and officer  liability insurance policy
for such claims; provided further that in no  event shall First Merchants be
required to expend in the aggregate  during each such three-year period more
than one and one-half times the  current annual amount spent by Lafayette
(the "Insurance Amount") to  maintain or procure its current directors\' and
officers\' insurance  coverage; provided further, that if First Merchants is
unable to  maintain or obtain the insurance called for by this Section 8.09,
First  Merchants shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as much 
comparable insurance as is available for the Insurance Amount;  provided,
further, that officers and directors of Lafayette or the Bank  may be
required to make application and provide customary  representations and
warranties to First Merchants\' insurance carrier  for the purpose of
obtaining such insurance.   (b) For six years after the Effective Date, the
Continuing  Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present
and  former officers and directors of Lafayette and the Bank against all 
losses, expenses (including attorneys\' fees), claims, damages or 
liabilities arising out of actions or omissions occurring on or prior  to the
Effective Date (including, without limitation, the transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement) to the full extent then permitted under  the Indiana
Business Corporation Law and by First Merchants\' or  Lafayette\'s Articles
of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof  (whichever is more
favorable to the officers and directors of Lafayette  and the Bank),
including provisions relating to advances of expenses  incurred in the
defense of any action or suit.   (c) Following the Effective Date, First
Merchants will provide  any Lafayette or Bank officers, directors and
employees who become  officers, directors and employees of the Continuing
Company or its  subsidiaries with the same directors and officers liability
insurance  coverage and indemnification protections that First Merchants
provides  to other officers, directors and employees of First Merchants or
its  subsidiaries.   (d) If First Merchants shall consolidate with or merge
into  any other entity and shall not be the continuing or surviving entity
of  such consolidation or merger or shall transfer all or substantially all 
of its assets to any entity (a "Change of Control"), then and in each  case,
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns  of First
Merchants shall assume the obligations set forth in this  Section 8.09.  
8.10. SEC and Other Reports. Promptly upon its becoming available, First
Merchants shall furnish to Lafayette one (1) copy of each
financial statement, report, notice, or proxy statement sent by First
Merchants to its shareholders generally and of each regular or periodic
report, registration statement or prospectus filed by First Merchants with
the SEC or any successor agency, of any order issued by any Governmental
Authority in any proceeding to which First Merchants is a party, and of any
notice or communication received by First Merchants from the SEC. For
purposes of this provision, "Governmental Authority" shall mean any
government (or any political subdivision or jurisdiction thereof), court,
bureau, agency or other governmental entity having or asserting jurisdiction
over First Merchants or any of its respective businesses, operations or
properties.   8.11. Disclosure Letter. First Merchants shall promptly
supplement, amend and update monthly and as of the Effective Date the
Disclosure Letter with respect to any matters hereafter arising which, if in
existence or having occurred as of the date of this Agreement, would have
been required to be set forth or described in the Disclosure Letter.  
8.12. Adverse Actions. First Merchants shall not (a) take any action while
knowing that such action would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede
the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368 of the Code; or (b) knowingly take any action that is intended or
is reasonably likely to result in (i) any of its representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming untrue in any
respect at any time at or prior to the Effective Date, (ii) any of the
conditions to the Merger set forth in Section 9 not being satisfied, (iii) a
material violation of any provision of this Agreement, or (iv) a delay in the
consummation of the Merger except, in each case, as may be required by
applicable law or regulation.    SECTION 9   Conditions Precedent To The
Merger   The obligation of each of the parties hereto to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the
satisfaction and fulfillment of each of the following conditions on or prior
to the Effective Date:   9.01. Shareholder Approval. The shareholders of
Lafayette and First Merchants shall have approved, ratified and confirmed
this Agreement as required by applicable law.   9.02. Registration
Statement Effective. First Merchants shall have registered its shares of
common stock to be issued to shareholders of Lafayette in accordance with
this Agreement with the SEC pursuant to the 1933 Act, and all state
securities and "blue sky" approvals and authorizations required to offer and
sell such shares shall have been received by First Merchants.
The registration statement with respect thereto shall have been declared
effective by the SEC and no stop order shall have been issued or threatened.
The shares of First Merchants common stock shall have been listed for trading
on the Nasdaq National Market System (subject to official notice of
issuance).   9.03. Tax Opinion. The parties shall have obtained an opinion
of Bingham Summers Welsh and Spilman, LLP, dated on or about the Effective
Date, which shall be in form and content satisfactory to counsel for all
parties hereto, to the effect that the Merger effected pursuant to this
Agreement shall constitute a tax-free transaction (except to the extent cash
or boot is received) to each party hereto and to the shareholders of each
party, and that no gain or loss will be recognized by shareholders of
Lafayette to the extent they receive shares of First Merchants common stock
in the Merger in exchange for their shares of Lafayette common stock. Such
opinion shall be based upon factual representations received by such counsel
from the parties, which representations may take the form of written
certifications.   9.04. Affiliate Agreements. First Merchants shall have
obtained (a) from Lafayette, a list identifying each affiliate of Lafayette
and (b) from each affiliate of Lafayette, the agreements contemplated by
Section 7.06 hereof.   9.05. Regulatory Approvals. The Federal Reserve Board
and the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions shall have authorized
and approved the Merger and the transactions related thereto. In addition,
all appropriate orders, consents, approvals and clearances from all other
regulatory agencies and governmental authorities whose orders, consents,
approvals or clearances are required by law for consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.  
9.06. Officer\'s Certificate. First Merchants and Lafayette shall
have delivered to each other a certificate signed by their Chairman or
President and their Secretary, dated the Effective Date, certifying that (a)
all the representations and warranties of their respective corporations are
true, accurate and correct on and as of the Effective Date; (b) all the
covenants of their respective corporations have been complied with from the
date of this Agreement through and as of the Effective Date; and (c) their
respective corporations have satisfied and fully complied with all conditions
necessary to make this Agreement effective as to them.   9.07. Fairness
Opinion. Lafayette shall have obtained an opinion from Dain Rauscher Wessels,
a division of Dain Rausher Incorporated, to the effect that the consideration
paid in the Merger is fair to the shareholders of Lafayette from a financial
viewpoint. Such opinion shall be (a) in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Lafayette, (b) dated as of a date not later than the mailing
date of the Proxy Statement relating to the Merger and (c) included in the
Proxy Statement.   9.08. No Judicial Prohibition. Neither Lafayette, the
Bank nor First Merchants shall be subject to any order, decree or injunction
of a court or agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits the
consummation of the Merger.   9.09. Other Consents and Approvals. All
consents and other approvals required for the transfer of any contracts,
agreements, leases, loans, etc. as a result of the Merger shall have been
obtained.   9.10 Options. All of the options disclosed in Section 5.03(c) of
the Disclosure Letter shall have been exercised pursuant to Section 7.12
hereof and Lafayette shall have no more than 4,194,104 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. Lafayette shall have no commitment to issue any
additional shares of common stock. All stock option plans of Lafayette shall
have been terminated.   9.11 SARs. All of the SARs disclosed in Section
5.03(e) hereof shall have been exercised pursuant to Section 7.12 hereof and
such SARs shall be canceled and cease to exist. All SAR plans of Lafayette
shall have been terminated.   SECTION 10   Termination of Merger  
10.01. Manner of Termination. This Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Date by written notice delivered by First Merchants to Lafayette or
by Lafayette to First Merchants only for the following reasons:   (a) By
Lafayette or First Merchants, if there has been a  material breach of any
representation, warranty or covenant on the part  of any party in the
representations, warranties, and covenants set  forth herein, which breach
cannot be or has not been cured within 30  days after the giving of written
notice to the breaching party of such  breach; provided that the party in
default shall have no right to  terminate for its own default;   (b) By
Lafayette or First Merchants, if it shall determine in  its sole discretion
that the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement have become inadvisable
or impracticable by reason of  commencement or credible threat of material
litigation or proceedings  against any of the parties;   (c) By Lafayette
or First Merchants, if the financial  condition, business, assets, or results
of operations of the other  party shall have been materially and adversely
changed from that in  existence at June 30, 2001 (for reasons other than
events and  conditions relating to the business and interest rate environment
in  general (including consequences of the terrorist attack on the United 
States on September 11, 2001), the accrual or payment of Merger-related 
expenses, or matters set forth in the parties\' Disclosure Letters);   (d)
By Lafayette or First Merchants, if the transaction  contemplated herein has
not been consummated by June 30, 2002 (provided  that the terminating party
is not then in material breach of any  representation, warranty, covenant or
other agreement contained  herein);   (e) By First Merchants if any of the
items, events or  information set forth in any update to the Disclosure
Letter provided  by Lafayette has had or may have (as determined by First
Merchants in  good faith) a material adverse effect on the financial
condition,  results of operations, business, or prospects of Lafayette or the
Bank;   (f) By Lafayette if any of the items, events or information  set
forth in any update to the Disclosure Letter provided by First  Merchants has
had or may have (as determined by Lafayette in good  faith) a material
adverse effect on the financial condition, results of  operations, business,
or prospects of First Merchants and its  subsidiaries, on a consolidated
basis.   (g) By First Merchants or Lafayette if, in the opinion of  counsel
to First Merchants or Lafayette, the Merger will not constitute  a tax-free
reorganization under the Code;   (h) By First Merchants or Lafayette
pursuant to their  respective termination rights set forth in Section 3.04
hereof;   (i) By Lafayette if the appropriate discharge of the fiduciary 
duties of the Board of Directors of Lafayette consistent with Section  7.05
requires that Lafayette terminate this Agreement;   (j) By First Merchants
if it receives written notice under  Section 7.05 that Lafayette intends to
furnish information to or enter  into discussions or negotiations with a
third party in connection with  a proposed Acquisition Transaction, if
Lafayette fails to give any such  written notice as required in Section 7.05
or if Lafayette\'s Board of  Directors fails to make, withdraws or modifies
its recommendation to  Lafayette\'s shareholders to vote in favor of the
Merger following  receipt of a proposal for an Acquisition Transaction;
or   (k) By either party (provided that the terminating party is  not then
in material breach of any representation or warranty contained  in this
Agreement or in material breach of any covenant or other  agreement contained
in this Agreement) in the event that any of the  conditions precedent to the
obligations of such party to consummate the  Merger cannot be satisfied or
fulfilled by the date specified in  Section 10.1(d) of this Agreement.  
10.02. Effect of Termination. Except as provided below, in the event that
this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the provisions of Section
10.01 hereof, no party shall have any liability to any other party for
costs, expenses, damages or otherwise; provided, however, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 10.01(a) hereof on account of a willful breach of any of
the representations and warranties set forth herein or any breach of any of
the agreements set forth herein, then the non-breaching party shall be
entitled to recover appropriate damages from the breaching party, including,
without limitation, reimbursement to the non-breaching party of its costs,
fees and expenses (including attorneys\', accountants\' and advisors\' fees
and expenses) incident to the negotiation, preparation and execution of this
Agreement and related documentation; provided, however, that nothing in this
proviso shall be deemed to constitute liquidated damages for the willful
breach by a party of the terms of this Agreement or otherwise limit the
rights of the non-breaching party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event of termination by First Merchants in accordance with Section 10.01(j)
or by Lafayette in accordance with Section 10.01(i), Lafayette shall pay
First Merchants the sum of $2,500,000 as liquidated damages. Such liquidated
damages shall be in lieu of costs, expenses and damages otherwise recoverable
under the first sentence of this Section 10.02. Such payment shall be made
within ten (10) days of the date of notice of termination. Lafayette
acknowledges the reasonableness of such amount in light of the considerable
time and expense invested and to be invested by First Merchants and its
representatives in furtherance of the Merger. Such amount was agreed upon by
First Merchants and Lafayette as compensation to First Merchants for its time
and expense and not as a penalty to Lafayette, it being impossible to
ascertain the exact value of the time and expense to be invested.
First Merchants shall also be entitled to recover from Lafayette its
reasonable attorneys\' fees incurred in the enforcement of this
Section.    SECTION 11   Effective Date Of Merger   Subject to the
terms and upon satisfaction of all requirements of law and the conditions
specified in this Agreement, the Merger shall become effective at the close
of business on the day specified in the Articles of Merger of Lafayette with
and into First Merchants as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Indiana (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date shall occur no later than
the last business day of the month in which any waiting period following the
last approval of the Merger by a state or federal regulatory agency or
governmental authority expires, unless otherwise agreed to by First Merchants
and Lafayette.    SECTION 12   Closing   12.01. Closing Date and Place.
The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the main office
of First Merchants on the Effective Date or at such other place as mutually
agreed to by First Merchants and Lafayette.   12.02. Articles of Merger.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on or prior to the Effective
Date, the Articles of Merger shall be duly filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Indiana specifying that the Merger shall be effective as of
the Effective Date.   12.03. Opinions of Counsel. At the Closing, Lafayette
shall deliver an opinion of its counsel, Barnes and Thornburg, to First
Merchants, and First Merchants shall deliver an opinion of its counsel,
Bingham Summers Welsh and Spilman, LLP, to Lafayette, dated as of the date of
the Closing. The form of such opinions shall be as mutually agreed to by the
parties hereto and their respective counsel.    SECTION 13  
Miscellaneous   13.01. Effective Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns but, except for Sections 8.03, 8.06, 8.07,
8.08 and 8.09 (which are intended to be for the benefit of those present and
former officers, directors and employees of Lafayette and the Bank affected
thereby and may be enforced by such persons), none of the provisions thereof
shall inure to the benefit of any other person, firm, or corporation
whomsoever. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or
obligations hereunder shall be assigned or transferred by either party hereto
without the prior written consent of the other party.   13.02. Waiver;
Amendment.   (a) First Merchants and Lafayette may, by an instrument in 
writing executed in the same manner as this Agreement: (i) extend the  time
for the performance of any of the covenants or agreements of the  other party
under this Agreement; (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the  representations or
warranties of the other party contained in this  Agreement or in any document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto;  (iii) waive the performance by the
other party of any of the covenants  or agreements to be performed by it or
them under this Agreement; or  (iv) waive the satisfaction or fulfillment of
any condition the  nonsatisfaction or nonfulfillment of which is a condition
to the right  of the party so waiving to terminate this Agreement. The waiver
by any  party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall
not  operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach 
hereunder.   (b) Notwithstanding the prior approval by the shareholders of 
Lafayette or First Merchants, this Agreement may be amended, modified  or
supplemented by the written agreement of Lafayette and First  Merchants
without further approval of such shareholders, except that no  such
amendment, modification or supplement shall result in a decrease  in the
consideration specified in Section 3 hereof, except in  accordance with the
terms of Section 3 hereof, or shall materially  adversely affect the rights
of the shareholders of Lafayette or First  Merchants without the further
approval of such shareholders.   13.03. Notices. Any and all notices or
other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to be given (i) when delivered in person, or (ii)
on the day of transmission if sent via facsimile transmission to the
facsimile number given below, provided telephonic confirmation of receipt is
obtained promptly after completion of transmission, or (iii) on the fifth
(5th) day after sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested, addressed as follows:   If to First Merchants: With a
copy to:   200 E. Jackson Street, Box 792 Bingham Summers Welsh and Spilman,
LLP  Muncie, IN 47305 2700 Market Tower  Attn: Larry L. Helms, 10 West
Market Street  Senior Vice President and Indianapolis, Indiana 46204-2982 
General Counsel Attn: David R. Prechtel, Esq.  (765) 741-7283 (317)
236-9907   If to Lafayette: With a copy to:   133 North 4th Street Barnes
and Thornburg  P.O. Box 1130 11 South Meridian Street  Lafayette, IN 47902
Indianapolis, IN 46204  Attn: Robert J. Weeder, Attn: Claudia V. Swhier,
Esq.  President and Chief (317) 231-7433  Executive Officer  (765)
423-7137  or to such substituted address as any of them have given to the
other in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all notices required to be
given pursuant to Sections 3.04(b) and 3.04(c) hereof shall be given in the
time periods specified in such sections by either hand delivery or
facsimile transmission to the specified parties.   13.04. Headings. The
headings in this Agreement have been inserted solely for the ease of
reference and should not be considered in the interpretation or construction
of this Agreement.   13.05. Severability. In case any one or more of the
provisions contained herein shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but
this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable provision or provisions had never been contained herein.  
13.06. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. In addition, this
Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder may be executed by the
parties hereto either manually or by facsimile signatures, each of which
shall constitute an original signature.   13.07. Governing Law. This
Agreement is executed in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of Indiana, without regard to choice of law principles.  
13.08. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement
supersedes any other agreement, whether oral or written, between
First Merchants and Lafayette relating to the matters contemplated hereby,
and constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto.   13.09.
Expenses. First Merchants and Lafayette shall each pay their own expenses
incidental to the transactions contemplated hereby. It is understood that the
fees of Dain Rauscher Wessels, including the cost of the fairness opinion
referenced in Section 9.07, shall be borne by Lafayette whether or not the
Merger is consummated. This provision shall survive the Effective Date or the
earlier termination of this Agreement.   13.10. Survival of Contents. The
provisions of Sections 7.09, 8.05, 10.02, 13.09 and this Section 13.10 shall
survive beyond the termination of this Agreement. The provisions of Sections
7.09, 8.03, 8.05, 8.06, 8.07, 8.08, 8.09, 13.09 and this Section 13.10 shall
survive beyond the Effective Date.     [Remainder of page intentionally
left blank]        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, First Merchants and Lafayette
have made and entered into this Agreement as of the day and year first above
written and have caused this Agreement to be executed and attested by their
duly authorized officers.    FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION ATTEST:   /s/
Larry R. Helms By:/s/ Michael L. Cox ---------------------------------
----------------------------------- Larry R. Helms, Secretary Michael L. Cox,
President and Chief  Executive Officer       LAFAYETTE
BANCORPORATION ATTEST:   /s/ Michelle D. Turnpaugh By:/s/ Robert J.
Weeder ---------------------------------
----------------------------------- Michelle D. Turnpaugh, Secretary Robert
J. Weeder,  President and Chief Executive
Officer              '

