NT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED 9/5/00      
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as
of September 5, 2000 (this "Agreement"), is among Valley National Bancorp, a
New Jersey corporation and registered bank holding company ("Valley"), Valley
National Bank, a national banking association ("VNB"), Merchants New York
Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware corporation and registered bank holding company
("Merchants") and The Merchants Bank of New York, a New York state-chartered
commercial bank (the "Bank").   RECITALS   Valley desires to acquire
Merchants and Merchants\' Board of Directors has determined, based upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, that the acquisition is in the
best interests of Merchants and its stockholders. The acquisition will be
accomplished by merging Merchants into Valley with Valley as the surviving
corporation and, at the same time, merging the Bank into VNB with VNB as the
surviving bank, and Merchants stockholders receiving the consideration
hereinafter set forth. The Boards of Directors of Merchants, Valley, the Bank
and VNB have duly adopted and approved this Agreement and the respective
Boards of Directors of Valley and Merchants each has directed that it be
submitted to its stockholders for approval.   As a condition precedent to
entering into this Agreement, Valley has required that Merchants grant it an
option to purchase certain authorized but unissued shares of Merchants common
stock and, as a consequence, Valley and Merchants have entered into a Stock
Option Agreement, dated the date hereof (the "Valley Stock Option").   NOW,
THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as
follows:   ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   1.1. The Merger. Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as hereafter
defined), Merchants shall be merged with and into Valley (the "Merger") in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL") and the New
Jersey Business Corporation Act ("NJBCA") and Valley shall be the surviving
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"). Immediately following the
Effective Time, the Bank shall be merged with and into VNB as provided in
Section 1.7 hereof.   1.2. Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall be considered the same business and corporate
entity as each of Valley and Merchants and thereupon and thereafter, all the
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of each of Valley and
Merchants shall vest in the Surviving Corporation and the Surviving
Corporation shall be subject to and be deemed to have assumed all of the
debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of each of Valley and Merchants
and shall have succeeded to all of each of their relationships, as fully and
to the same extent as if such property, rights, privileges, powers,
franchises, debts, liabilities, obligations, duties and relationships had
been originally acquired, incurred or entered into by the Surviving
Corporation. In addition, any reference to either of Valley or Merchants in
any contract or document, whether executed or taking effect before or after
the Effective Time, shall be considered a reference to the
Surviving Corporation if not inconsistent with the other provisions of the
contract or document; and any pending action or other judicial proceeding to
which either of Valley or Merchants is a party shall not be deemed to have
abated or to have discontinued by reason of the Merger, but may be prosecuted
to final judgment, order or decree in the same manner as if the Merger had
not occurred; or the Surviving Corporation may be substituted as a party to
such action or proceeding, and any judgment, order or decree may be rendered
for or against it that might have been rendered for or against either of
Valley or Merchants if the Merger had not occurred.   1.3. Certificate of
Incorporation. The certificate of incorporation of Valley as it exists
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall not be amended by the Merger,
but shall continue as the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until otherwise amended as provided by law.   1.4. Bylaws. The
bylaws of Valley as they exist immediately prior to the Effective Date shall
continue as the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until otherwise amended
as provided by law.   1.5. Directors and Officers. The directors and
officers of Valley as of the Effective Time shall continue as the directors
and officers of the Surviving Corporation, with the addition provided for in
Section 5.20 hereof.   1.6 Closing Date, Closing and Effective Time. Unless
a different date, time and/or place are agreed to by the parties hereto,
the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at 10:00 a.m., at
the offices of Valley, 1455 Valley Road, Wayne, New Jersey, on a date (the
"Closing Date") which shall be within ten business days following the receipt
of all necessary regulatory and governmental approvals and consents and the
expiration of all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof and the
satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions to the consummation of the
Merger specified in Article VI hereof (other than the delivery of
certificates, opinions and other instruments and documents to be delivered at
the Closing), with the exact date determined by Valley upon written notice to
Merchants (the "Closing Notice"). Simultaneous with or immediately following
the Closing, Valley and Merchants shall cause to be filed certificates of
merger, in form and substance satisfactory to Valley and Merchants, with the
Secretary of State of the State of New Jersey (the "New Jersey Certificate of
Merger") and with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the
"Delaware Certificate of Merger"). The New Jersey Certificate of Merger and
the Delaware Certificate of Merger shall specify as the "Effective Time" of
the Merger a date and time following the Closing agreed to by Valley and
Merchants (which date and time the parties currently anticipate will be the
close of business on the Closing Date). In the event the parties fail to
specify the date and time in the merger certificates, the Merger shall become
effective upon (and the "Effective Time" shall be) the later of the filing of
the New Jersey Certificate of Merger and the Delaware Certificate of
Merger.    1.7. The Bank Merger. Immediately following the Effective Time,
the Bank shall be merged with and into VNB (the "Bank Merger") in accordance
with the provisions of the National Bank Act and, to the extent applicable,
New York Banking Law (the "NY Banking Law") and the regulations of the New
York Department of Banking (the "Department"), and VNB shall be the surviving
bank (the "Surviving Bank"). Upon the consummation of the Bank Merger, the
separate existence of the Bank shall cease and the Surviving Bank shall
be considered the same business and corporate entity as each of the Bank and
VNB and all of the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of
each of the Bank and VNB shall vest in the Surviving Bank and the Surviving
Bank shall be deemed to have assumed all of the debts, liabilities,
obligations and duties of each of the Bank and VNB and shall have succeeded
to all of each of their relationships, fiduciary or otherwise, as fully and
to the same extent as if such property, rights, privileges, powers,
franchises, debts, obligations, duties and relationships had been originally
acquired, incurred or entered into by the Surviving Bank. Upon the
consummation of the Bank Merger, the articles of association and bylaws of
VNB shall become the articles of association and bylaws of the Surviving
Bank, the officers and employees of VNB and the officers and employees of the
Bank shall be the officers and employees of the Surviving Bank with such
additions as officers as the Board of Directors of VNB shall determine, and
the directors of VNB shall be the directors of the Surviving Bank, with, in
the case of directors, the additions provided for in Section 5.20 hereof. In
connection with the execution of this Agreement, the Bank and VNB shall
execute and deliver a separate merger agreement (the "Bank Merger Agreement")
in substantially the form of Exhibit A, annexed hereto, for delivery to the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") and the Department
for approval of the Bank Merger.   ARTICLE II  CONVERSION OF MERCHANTS
COMMON STOCK AND OPTIONS   Each share of common stock, $.001 par value per
share, of Merchants ("Merchants Common Stock"), issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each option to purchase shares
of Merchants Common Stock validly issued pursuant to the Merchants Employee
Stock Option Plan (the "Merchants Employee Option Plan") and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (each a "Merchants Option" and
collectively, the "Merchants Options") shall, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted or
cancelled at the Effective Time in accordance with this Article II.   2.1
Conversion of Merchants Common Stock; Exchange Ratio; Cash in Lieu of
Fractional Shares. Each share of Merchants Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than shares to
be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof, shall be converted into the
right to receive .7634 (the "Exchange Ratio") shares of Common Stock, no par
value, of Valley ("Valley Common Stock"), subject to adjustment as set forth
in Section 2.6 below. No fractional shares of Valley Common Stock will be
issued, and in lieu thereof, each holder of Merchants Common Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to a fractional interest will receive an amount in cash
determined by multiplying such fractional interest by the Average Pre-Closing
Price of Valley Common Stock. "Average Pre-Closing Price of Valley Common
Stock" means the average of the Closing Prices of Valley Common Stock for the
ten consecutive full trading days in which such shares are quoted on the New
York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") ending with (and including) the
Determination Date. "Closing Price" of Valley Common Stock means the daily
closing sales price of such stock as reported on the NYSE (as reported in The
Wall Street Journal or, if not reported thereby, another authoritative source
as chosen by Valley). "Determination Date" means the date five business days
prior to the Closing.   2.2. Exchange of Shares.   (a) Merchants and
Valley hereby appoint American Stock Transfer and Trust Company as the
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for purposes of effecting the
conversion of Merchants Common Stock and Merchants Options. As soon as
practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each
holder of record (a "Record Holder") of a Certificate or Certificates which,
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
Merchants Common Stock (the "Certificates"), a mutually agreed upon letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent), and instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for Valley Common Stock (and
cash in lieu of fractional shares) as provided in Section 2.1 hereof.   (b)
Upon surrender of Certificates for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange
Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the Record
Holder shall be entitled to promptly receive in exchange for such
Certificates the consideration as provided in Section 2.1 hereof and the
Certificates so surrendered shall be canceled. The Exchange Agent shall not
be obligated to deliver or cause to be delivered to any Record Holder the
consideration to which such Record Holder would otherwise be entitled
until such Record Holder surrenders the Certificates for exchange or, in
default thereof, an appropriate Affidavit of Loss and Indemnity Agreement
and/or a bond as may be reasonably required in each case by Valley.
Notwithstanding the time of surrender of the Certificates, Record Holders
shall be deemed stockholders of Valley for all purposes from the Effective
Time, except that Valley shall withhold the payment of dividends from any
Record Holder until such Record Holder effects the exchange of Certificates
for Valley Common Stock. (Such Record Holder shall receive such withheld
dividends, without interest, upon effecting the share exchange.)   (c)
After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer
books of Merchants of the shares of Merchants Common Stock which were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and, if any Certificates
representing such shares are presented for transfer, they shall be canceled
and exchanged for the consideration as provided in Section 2.1 hereof.  
(d) If payment of the consideration pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof is to be
made in a name other than that in which the Certificates surrendered in
exchange therefor is registered, it shall be a condition of such payment that
the Certificates so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied by
an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such payment shall pay to the
Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the payment to a person other than that of the registered holder of the
Certificates surrendered, or required for any other reason, or
shall establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has
been paid or is not payable.   (e) With respect to each outstanding
Merchants Option Valley shall, after the Effective Time, distribute to the
Optionee an amendment to the option grant evidencing the conversion of the
grant to an option to purchase Valley Common Stock in accordance with Section
2.7 hereof.   2.3. No Dissenters\' Rights. Consistent with the provisions
of the DGCL, no stockholder of Merchants shall have appraisal rights with
respect to the Merger.   2.4. Cancelled Shares. Each share of Merchants
Common Stock (i) which is held by Merchants as treasury stock or (ii) which
is held by the Bank or any other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Bank
(except as trustee or in a fiduciary capacity) or (iii) which is held by
Valley, shall be canceled and retired at the Effective Time.   2.5. Valley
Shares. The shares of Valley Common Stock outstanding at the Effective Time
shall not be affected by the Merger, but along with the additional shares of
Valley Common Stock to be issued as provided in Section 2.1 hereof, shall
become the outstanding common stock of the Surviving Corporation.   2.6
Anti-Dilution Adjustments. The Exchange Ratio and the Average Pre-Closing
Price of Valley Common Stock shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock
split, stock dividend, stock combination, reclassification or similar
transaction ("Capital Change") effected by Valley with respect to
Valley Common Stock between the date hereof and the Effective Time.   2.7.
Merchants Stock Options. At the Effective Time, each outstanding Merchants
Option granted to an eligible individual (an "Optionee") under the Merchants
Employee Option Plan shall be converted into an option to purchase Valley
Common Stock (a "Stock Option"), wherein (x) the right to purchase shares of
Merchants Common Stock pursuant to the Merchants Option shall be converted
into the right to purchase that same number of shares of Valley Common Stock
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, (y) the option exercise price per share of
Valley Common Stock shall be the previous option exercise price per share of
Merchants Common Stock divided by the Exchange Ratio and (z) in all other
material respects the option shall be subject to the same terms
and conditions as governed the Merchants Option on which it was based,
including the length of time within which the option may be exercised and for
any options which are "incentive stock options" (as defined in Section 422 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), the adjustments
shall be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with
Section 424(a) of the Code. Shares of Valley Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of Stock Options shall be covered by an effective registration
statement on Form S-8, and Valley shall file a registration statement on Form
S-8 covering such shares as soon as practicable after the Effective
Time.    ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTS  
References herein to "Merchants Disclosure Schedule" shall mean all of the
disclosure schedules required by this Article III, dated as of the date
hereof and referenced to the specific sections and subsections of Article III
of this Agreement, which have been delivered on the date hereof by Merchants
to Valley or will be delivered pursuant to Section 5.11(a) by Merchants to
Valley. Disclosure of an item in one section of the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule will be considered disclosure for purposes of all sections thereof,
except where this Agreement specifies that the item must be referenced in a
particular section of the Merchants Disclosure Schedule. Merchants
hereby represents and warrants to Valley as follows:   3.1. Corporate
Organization.   (a) Merchants is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Merchants has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all
of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so licensed or qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, assets or financial condition of Merchants on a
consolidated basis. Merchants is registered as a bank holding company under
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA").   (b) All of
the Subsidiaries of Merchants are listed in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule. The term "Subsidiary", when used in this Agreement with respect to
Merchants, means any corporation, joint venture, association, partnership,
trust or other entity in which Merchants has, directly or indirectly at least
a 50% interest or acts as a general partner. Each Subsidiary of Merchants is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
state of incorporation. The Bank is a commercial bank chartered under the
laws of the State of New York whose deposits are insured by Bank Insurance
Fund ("BIF") of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") to the
fullest extent permitted by law. Each Subsidiary of Merchants has the
corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and is
duly licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, assets or financial condition of Merchants and its Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis. The Merchants Disclosure Schedule sets forth true
and complete copies of the Certificates of Incorporation or Charter, as the
case may be, and Bylaws of Merchants and each Merchants Subsidiary as in
effect on the date hereof. Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule, Merchants does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any
equity interest in any corporation, company, association, partnership, joint
venture or other entity and owns no real estate, except (i) residential real
estate acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure in each
individual instance with a fair market value less than $500,000 and (ii) real
estate used for its banking premises.   3.2. Capitalization.   The
authorized capital stock of Merchants consists of 40,000,000 shares of
Merchants Common Stock. As of the date hereof, there were 19,978,664 shares
of Merchants Common Stock issued and outstanding, and 1,333,176 shares issued
and held in the treasury. As of the date hereof, there were 127,162 shares of
Merchants Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding Merchants
Options (the "Option Shares") granted to directors, officers and employees of
Merchants or the Bank pursuant to the Merchants Employee Option Plan. The
Merchants Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) all options which may be
exercised for issuance of Merchants Common Stock and the terms upon which the
options may be exercised, and (ii) true and complete copies of each of the
Merchants Employee Option Plan and a specimen of each form of agreement
pursuant to which any outstanding stock option was granted, including a list
of each outstanding stock option issued pursuant thereto. All issued
and outstanding shares of Merchants Common Stock, and all issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of each Merchants Subsidiary, have been
duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid, and nonassessable. The
authorized capital stock of the Bank consists of 4,729,546 shares of common
stock, $1.40 par value. As of the date hereof, there were 2,482,172 shares of
Bank common stock outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of each Merchants Subsidiary are owned by Merchants and are free and clear of
any liens, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or rights of third parties.
Except for the Merchants Options and the Valley Stock Option, neither
Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary has or is bound by any outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or agreements of any
character calling for the transfer, purchase or issuance of any shares of
capital stock of Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary or any securities
representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of such
capital stock or any securities convertible into or representing the right to
purchase or subscribe for any such shares, and there are no agreements or
understandings with respect to voting of any such shares.   3.3. Authority;
No Violation.   (a) Subject to the approval of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby by the stockholders of Merchants, and
subject to the parties obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals,
Merchants and the Bank have full corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of each of Merchants
and the Bank. The execution and delivery of the Bank Merger Agreement has
been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank. Except
for the approvals described in paragraph (b) below, no other corporate
proceedings on the part of Merchants or the Bank are necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by Merchants and the Bank, and constitutes
valid and binding obligations of Merchants and the Bank, enforceable against
Merchants and the Bank in accordance with its terms.   (b) Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Merchants and the Bank, nor the
consummation by Merchants and the Bank of the transactions contemplated
hereby in accordance with the terms hereof, or compliance by Merchants and
the Bank with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any
provision of Merchants\' or the Bank\'s Certificates of Incorporation or
Bylaws, (ii) assuming that the consents and approvals set forth below are
duly obtained, violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to
Merchants or the Bank or any of their respective properties or assets, or
(iii) except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provisions of, constitute a default
(or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
default) under, result in the termination of, accelerate the performance
required by, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge
or other encumbrance upon any of the respective properties or assets of
Merchants or the Bank under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement
or other instrument or obligation to which Merchants or the Bank is a party,
or by which either or both of them or any of their respective properties or
assets may be bound or affected except, with respect to (ii) and (iii) above,
such as individually and in the aggregate will not have a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of
Merchants and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and which will not
prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Except for consents and approvals of or filings or registrations with
or notices to the OCC, the Department, the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System ("FRB"), the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"), applicable state securities bureaus or commissions, the Delaware
Secretary of State and the stockholders of Merchants, no consents or
approvals of or filings or registrations with or notices to any third party
or any public body or authority are necessary on behalf of Merchants or the
Bank in connection with (x) the execution and delivery by Merchants and the
Bank of this Agreement and (y) the consummation by Merchants and the Bank of
the transactions contemplated hereby and (z) the execution and delivery by
the Bank of the Bank Merger Agreement and the consummation by the Bank of the
transactions contemplated thereby.   3.4. Financial Statements.   (a)
Merchants\' Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")
and available on the SEC\'s EDGAR system set forth the consolidated
statements of condition of Merchants as of December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997,
and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders\' equity and
cash flows for the periods ended December 31 in each of the three years 1997
through 1999, in each case accompanied by the audit report of KPMG LLP,
independent public accountants with respect to Merchants, and Merchants\'
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC under the 1934 Act and
available on the SEC\'s EDGAR system set forth the unaudited consolidated
statements of condition of Merchants as of June 30, 2000 and related
unaudited consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders\' equity
and cash flows for the six months then ended (collectively, the "Merchants
Financial Statements"). The Merchants Financial Statements (including the
related notes) have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") consistently applied during the
periods involved, and fairly present the consolidated financial condition of
Merchants as of the respective dates set forth therein, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders\' equity and cash flows
fairly present the results of the consolidated operations, stockholders\'
equity and cash flows of Merchants for the respective periods set forth
therein.   (b) The books and records of Merchants and its Subsidiaries have
been and are being maintained in material compliance with applicable
legal and accounting requirements, and reflect only actual transactions.  
(c) Except as and to the extent reflected, disclosed or reserved against in
the Merchants Financial Statements (including the notes thereto), as of June
30, 2000 neither Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries had any liabilities,
whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise material to the business,
operations, assets or financial condition of Merchants or any of its
Subsidiaries. Since June 30, 2000 and to the date hereof, neither
Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries have incurred any material liabilities
except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with prudent banking
practice, except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement.   3.5.
Brokerage Fees; Financial Advisor; Fairness Opinion. Other than CIBC World
Markets Corp. (the "Broker"), neither Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor any of their respective directors or officers has employed any broker or
finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s or finder\'s fees or
commissions in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. Copies of Merchants\' agreements with the Broker are set
forth in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule. The Broker has delivered to
Merchants its written opinion with respect to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the Exchange Ratio to the shareholders of Merchants in the
Merger. Other than pursuant to the agreement with Broker, there are no fees
(other than time charges billed at usual and customary rates) payable to any
consultants, including lawyers and accountants, in connection with this
transaction or which would be triggered by consummation of this transaction
or the termination of the services of such consultants by Merchants or any of
its Subsidiaries.   3.6. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   (a) There
has not been any material adverse change in the business, operations, assets
or financial condition of Merchants and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis since June 30, 2000 and to Merchants\' knowledge, no facts or
conditions exist which Merchants believes will cause or is likely to cause
such a material adverse change in the future.   (b) Except as set forth in
the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, neither Merchants nor any of its
Subsidiaries has taken or permitted any of the actions set forth in Section
5.2 hereof between June 30, 2000 and the date hereof and Merchants and the
Merchants Subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the ordinary
course, consistent with past practice.   3.7. Legal Proceedings. Except as
disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, neither Merchants nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending or, to
Merchants\' knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other
proceedings, claims, actions or governmental investigations of any nature
against Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the
Merchants Disclosure Schedule, neither Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries
is a party to any order, judgment or decree entered against Merchants or any
Merchants Subsidiary in any lawsuit or proceeding.   3.8. Taxes and Tax
Returns.   (a) Merchants and each Merchants Subsidiary have duly filed (and
until the Effective Time will so file) all returns, declarations,
reports, information returns and statements ("Returns") required to be filed
by them in respect of any federal, state and local taxes (including
withholding taxes, penalties or other payments required) and except as set
forth in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, each has duly paid (and until the
Effective Time will so pay) all such taxes shown as due on such returns,
other than taxes or other charges which are being contested in good faith
(and disclosed to Valley in writing). Merchants and each Merchants Subsidiary
have established (and until the Effective Time will establish) on their books
and records reserves for the payment of all federal, state and local taxes
not yet due and payable, but incurred in respect of Merchants or any
Merchants Subsidiary through such date, which reserves are adequate for such
purposes. To the knowledge of Merchants, except as set forth in the Merchants
Disclosure Schedule, the federal income tax returns of Merchants and its
Subsidiaries have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS")
(or are closed to examination due to the expiration of the applicable statute
of limitations) and no deficiencies were asserted as a result of such
examinations which have not been resolved and paid in full. To the knowledge
of Merchants, except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, the
applicable state income and local tax returns of Merchants and
its Subsidiaries have been examined by the applicable authorities (or are
closed to examination due to the expiration of the statute of limitations)
and no deficiencies were asserted as a result of such examinations which have
not been resolved and paid in full. To the knowledge of Merchants, there are
no audits or other administrative or court proceedings presently pending nor
any other disputes pending, or claims asserted for, taxes or assessments upon
Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries, nor except as set forth in the
Merchants Disclosure Schedule, has Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries given
any currently outstanding waivers or comparable consents regarding the
application of the statute of limitations with respect to any taxes or
Returns.   (b) Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule, neither Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has requested any
extension of time within which to file any tax Return which Return has not
since been filed, (ii) is a party to any agreement providing for the
allocation or sharing of taxes, (iii) is required to include in income any
adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code, by reason of a voluntary
change in accounting method initiated by Merchants or any Merchants
Subsidiary (nor does Merchants have any knowledge that the IRS has proposed
any such adjustment or change of accounting method) or (iv) has filed a
consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section
341(f)(2) of the Code apply.   3.9. Employee Benefit Plans.   (a) Except
as disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, neither Merchants nor any
of its Subsidiaries maintains or contributes to any "employee pension benefit
plan", within the meaning of Section 3(2)(A) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (the "Merchants Pension
Plans"), "employee welfare benefit plan", within the meaning of Section 3(1)
of ERISA (the "Merchants Welfare Plans"), stock option plan, stock purchase
plan, deferred compensation plan, severance plan, bonus plan, employment
agreement or other similar plan, program or arrangement. Neither Merchants
nor any of its Subsidiaries has, since September 2, 1974, contributed to any
"Multiemployer Plan", within the meaning of Sections 3(37) and 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA.   (b) Merchants has delivered to Valley in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule a complete and accurate copy of each of the following with respect
to each of the Merchants Pension Plans and Merchants Welfare Plans: (i) plan
document, summary plan description, and summary of material modifications (if
not available, a detailed description of the foregoing); (ii) trust agreement
or insurance contract, if any; (iii) most recent IRS determination letter, if
any; (iv) most recent actuarial report, if any; and (v) most recent annual
report on Form 5500, if any.   (c) The present value of all accrued benefits
both vested and non-vested under each of the Merchants Pension Plans subject
to Title IV of ERISA, based upon the actuarial assumptions used for purposes
of the most recent actuarial valuation prepared by such Merchants Pension
Plan\'s actuary, did not exceed the then current value of the assets of such
plans allocable to such accrued benefits. To the best of Merchants\'
knowledge, the actuarial assumptions then utilized for such plans were
reasonable and appropriate as of the last valuation date and reflect then
current market conditions.   (d) During the last six years, the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the "PBGC") has not asserted any claim for
liability against Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries which has not been
paid in full.   (e) All premiums (and interest charges and penalties for
late payment, if applicable) due to the PBGC with respect to each Merchants
Pension Plan have been paid. All contributions required to be made to each
Merchants Pension Plan under the terms thereof, ERISA or other applicable law
have been timely made, and all amounts properly accrued to date as
liabilities of Merchants and its Subsidiaries which have not been paid have
been properly recorded on the books of Merchants and its Subsidiaries.  
(f) Except as disclosed on the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, each of the
Merchants Pension Plans, the Merchants Welfare Plans and each other plan and
arrangement identified on the Merchants Disclosure Schedule has been operated
in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of
ERISA, the Code, all regulations, rulings and announcements promulgated
or issued thereunder, and all other applicable governmental laws and
regulations. Furthermore, the IRS has issued a favorable determination
letter, which takes into account the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and subsequent
legislation, with respect to each of the Merchants Pension Plans and
Merchants is not aware of any fact or circumstance which would disqualify any
such plan, that could not be retroactively corrected (in accordance with the
procedures of the IRS).   (g) To the knowledge of Merchants, no non-exempt
prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or
Section 406 of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any of the Merchants
Welfare Plans or Merchants Pension Plans.   (h) No Merchants Pension Plan
or any trust created thereunder has been terminated, nor have there been any
"reportable events", within the meaning of Section 4034(b) of ERISA, with
respect to any of the Merchants Pension Plans.   (i) No "accumulated
funding deficiency", within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code, has been
incurred with respect to any of the Merchants Pension Plans.   (j) There
are no pending, or, to the knowledge of Merchants, threatened or anticipated
claims (other than routine claims for benefits) by, on behalf of or against
any of the Merchants Pension Plans or the Merchants Welfare Plans, any trusts
related thereto or any other plan or arrangement identified in the Merchants
Disclosure Schedule.   (k) Except as disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule, no Merchants Pension or Welfare Plan provides medical or death
benefits (whether or not insured) beyond an employee\'s retirement or other
termination of service, other than (i) coverage mandated by law, or (ii)
death benefits under any Merchants Pension Plan.   (l) Except with respect
to customary health, life and disability benefits or as disclosed in the
Merchants Disclosure Schedule, there are no unfunded benefits obligations
which are not accounted for by reserves shown on the Merchants Financial
Statements and established under GAAP, or otherwise noted on such financial
statements.   (m) Except as disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule, with respect to each Merchants Pension and Welfare Plan that is
funded wholly or partially through an insurance policy, there will be no
liability of Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary as of the Effective Time
under any such insurance policy or ancillary agreement with respect to such
insurance policy in the nature of a retroactive rate adjustment, loss sharing
arrangement or other actual or contingent liability arising wholly or
partially out of events occurring prior to or at the Effective Time.   (n)
Except as may hereafter be expressly agreed to by Valley in writing or as
disclosed on the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not (i) entitle any current
or former employee of Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary to severance pay,
unemployment compensation or any similar payment, or (ii) accelerate the time
of payment, accelerate the vesting, or increase the amount, of any
compensation or benefits due to any current employee or former employee under
any Merchants Pension Plan or Merchants Welfare Plan.   (o) Except for the
Merchants Pension Plans and the Merchants Welfare Plans, and except as set
forth on the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, Merchants has no deferred
compensation agreements, understandings or obligations for payments or
benefits to any current or former director, officer or employee of Merchants
or any Merchants Subsidiary or any predecessor of any thereof. The Merchants
Disclosure Schedule sets forth (or lists, if previously delivered to Valley
with respect to such items and any supplemental retirement plan
or arrangement): (i) true and complete copies of the deferred
compensation agreements, understandings or obligations with respect to each
such current or former director, officer or employee, and (ii) the most
recent actuarial or other calculation of the present value of such payments
or benefits.   (p) Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule, Merchants does not maintain or otherwise pay for life insurance
policies (other than group term life policies on employees) with respect to
any director, officer or employee. The Merchants Disclosure Schedule lists
each such insurance policy and any agreement with a party other than the
insurer with respect to the payment, funding or assignment of such policy. To
the best of Merchants\' knowledge, neither Merchants nor any Merchants
Pension Plan or Merchants Welfare Plan owns any individual or group insurance
policies issued by an insurer which has been found to be insolvent or is in
rehabilitation pursuant to a state proceeding.   (q) Except as set forth in
the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, Merchants does not maintain any retirement
plan for directors. The Merchants Disclosure Schedule sets forth the complete
documentation and actuarial evaluation of any such plan.   3.10.
Reports.   (a) The Merchants Disclosure Schedule lists, and as to item (i)
below Merchants has previously delivered or made available to Valley
a complete copy of, each (i) final registration statement, prospectus,
annual, quarterly or special report and definitive proxy statement filed by
Merchants since January 1, 1997 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "1933 Act"), or the 1934 Act and (ii) communication (other than
general advertising materials, press releases and dividend checks) mailed by
Merchants to its shareholders as a class since January 1, 1997.   (b) Since
January 1, 1997 (i) Merchants has filed all reports that it was required to
file with the SEC under the 1934 Act, and (ii) Merchants and the Bank each
has duly filed all material forms, reports and documents which they were
required to file with each agency charged with regulating any aspect of their
business, in each case in form which was correct in all material respects,
and, subject to permission from such regulatory authorities,
Merchants promptly will deliver or make available to Valley accurate and
complete copies of such reports. As of their respective dates, each such
form, report, or document referred to in either of clauses (i) or (ii) above,
and each final registration statement, prospectus, annual, quarterly or
special report, definitive proxy statement or communication referred to in
either of clauses (i) or (ii) of paragraph (a) above, as of its date,
complied in all material respects with all applicable statutes, rules and
regulations and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided that information
contained in any such document as of a later date shall be deemed to modify
information as of an earlier date.   (c) The Merchants Disclosure Schedule
lists the dates of all examinations of Merchants or the Bank conducted by the
FRB or either the Department or the FDIC since January 1, 1997 and the dates
of any responses thereto submitted by Merchants or the Bank.   3.11.
Merchants and Bank Information. The information relating to Merchants, the
Bank and the Merchants Subsidiaries, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby to be contained in the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus
(as defined in Section 5.6(a) hereof) to be delivered to stockholders of
Merchants and stockholders of Valley in connection with their approval of the
Merger, as of the date the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus is mailed to
stockholders of Merchants and Valley, and up to and including the date of the
meetings of stockholders to which such Joint Proxy Statement-
Prospectus relates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus shall comply as to form in all material
respects with the provisions of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.   3.12. Compliance with Applicable Law.   (a)
Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, each of Merchants
and the Merchants Subsidiaries holds all licenses, franchises, permits and
authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of its business under and
pursuant to each, and has complied with and is not in default in any respect
under any, applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or
guideline of any federal, state or local governmental authority relating to
Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, consumer, community and fair lending laws (other than where such
defaults or non-compliances will not, alone or in the aggregate, result in a
material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets or financial
condition of Merchants and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) and
Merchants has not received notice of violation of, and does not know of any
violations of, any of the above.   (b) Without limiting the foregoing, to
its knowledge (i) the Bank has complied in all material respects with the
Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") and (ii) no person or group would object
to the consummation of this Merger due to the CRA performance of or rating of
the Bank. Except as listed on the Merchants Disclosure Schedule to the
knowledge of the Bank, no person or group has adversely commented upon the
Bank\'s CRA performance.   3.13. Certain Contracts.   (a) Except as
disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule under this Section, Section
3.5 or Section 3.9, (i) neither Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary is a
party to or bound by any contract or understanding (whether written or oral)
with respect to the employment or termination of any present or former
officers, employees, directors or consultants and (ii) the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not (either alone or
upon the occurrence of any additional acts or events) result in any payment
(whether of severance pay or otherwise) becoming due from Merchants or any
Merchants Subsidiary to any officer, employee, director or
consultant thereof. The Merchants Disclosure Schedule sets forth true and
correct copies of all employment agreements or termination agreements with
officers, employees, directors, or consultants to which Merchants or any
Merchants Subsidiary is a party.   (b) Except as disclosed in the Merchants
Disclosure Schedule and except for loan commitments, loan agreements and loan
instruments entered into or issued in the ordinary course of business, (i) as
of the date of this Agreement, neither Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary
is a party to or bound by any commitment, agreement or other instrument which
is material to the business, operations, assets or financial condition of
Merchants and the Merchants Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) no
commitment, agreement or other instrument to which Merchants or any Merchants
Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them is bound limits the freedom of
Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary to compete in any line of business or
with any person, and (iii) neither Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary is
a party to any collective bargaining agreement.   (c) Except as disclosed
in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, neither Merchants nor any Merchants
Subsidiary or, to the best knowledge of Merchants, any other party thereto,
is in default in any material respect under any material lease, contract,
mortgage, promissory note, deed of trust, loan or other commitment (except
those under which Bank is or will be the creditor) or arrangement.   3.14.
Properties and Insurance.   (a) Merchants and its Subsidiaries have good,
and as to owned real property marketable, title to all material assets and
properties, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, reflected in
Merchants\' consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2000, or owned and
acquired subsequent thereto (except to the extent that such assets and
properties have been disposed of for fair value in the ordinary course of
business since June 30, 2000), subject to no encumbrances, liens, mortgages,
security interests or pledges, except (i) those items that secure liabilities
that are reflected in such balance sheet or the notes thereto or incurred in
the ordinary course of business after the date of such balance sheet, (ii)
statutory liens for amounts not yet delinquent or which are being contested
in good faith, (iii) such encumbrances, liens, mortgages, security interests,
pledges and title imperfections that are not in the aggregate material to the
business, operations, assets, and financial condition of Merchants and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole and (iv) with respect to owned real property,
title imperfections noted in title reports delivered to Valley prior to the
date hereof. Merchants and its Subsidiaries as lessees have the right under
valid and subsisting leases to occupy, use, possess and control all property
leased by them in all material respects as presently occupied, used,
possessed and controlled by them. The Merchants Disclosure Schedule lists all
leases pursuant to which Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary occupies any
real property and for each such lease lists annual base rentals, annual add-
ons for taxes, maintenance and the like, the annual increases to the end of
the lease, the expiration date and any option terms.   (b) The Merchants
Disclosure Schedule lists all policies of insurance covering business
operations and all insurable properties and assets of Merchants and its
Subsidiaries showing all risks insured against, in each case under valid,
binding and enforceable policies or bonds, with such amounts and such
deductibles as are specified. As of the date hereof, neither Merchants nor
any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or notice
of a material amendment of any such insurance policy or bond or is in default
under such policy or bond, no coverage thereunder is being disputed and all
material claims thereunder have been filed in a timely fashion.   3.15.
Minute Books. The minute books of Merchants and its Subsidiaries contain
records that are accurate in all material respects of all meetings and other
corporate action held of their respective stockholders and Boards of
Directors (including committees of their respective Boards of Directors).  
3.16. Environmental Matters. Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule:   (a) Neither Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary has received
any written notice, citation, claim, assessment, proposed assessment
or demand for abatement alleging that Merchants or such Merchants
Subsidiary (either directly or as a trustee or fiduciary, or as a successor-
in-interest in connection with the enforcement of remedies to realize the
value of properties serving as collateral for outstanding loans) is
responsible for the correction or cleanup of any condition resulting from the
violation of any law, ordinance or other governmental regulation regarding
environmental matters, which correction or cleanup would be material to the
business, operations, assets or financial condition of Merchants and the
Merchants Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Merchants has no knowledge that any
toxic or hazardous substances or materials have been emitted, generated,
disposed of or stored on any real property owned or leased by Merchants or
any Merchants Subsidiary, as OREO or otherwise, or owned or controlled by
Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary as a trustee or fiduciary
(collectively, "Properties"), in any manner that violates or, after the lapse
of time will violate, any presently existing federal, state or local law or
regulation governing or pertaining to such substances and materials.   (b)
Merchants has no knowledge that any of the Properties has been operated in
any manner in the three years prior to the date of this Agreement that
violated any applicable federal, state or local law or regulation governing
or pertaining to toxic or hazardous substances and materials, the violation
of which would have a material adverse effect on the business, operations,
assets or financial condition of Merchants and the Merchants Subsidiaries
taken as a whole.   (c) To the knowledge of Merchants, except as set forth
in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule, there are no underground storage tanks
on, in or under any of the Properties and no underground storage tanks have
been closed or removed from any of the Properties while the property was
owned, operated or controlled by Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary.  
3.17. Reserves. As of the date hereof, the reserve for loan and lease losses
in the Merchants Financial Statements is adequate based upon past loan loss
experiences and potential losses in the current portfolio to cover all known
or anticipated loan losses.   3.18. No Excess Parachute Payments. No
officer, director, employee or agent (or former officer, director, employee
or agent) of Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary is entitled now, or will
or may be entitled to as a consequence of this Agreement, the Merger or the
Bank Merger, to any payment or benefit from Merchants, a Merchants
Subsidiary, Valley or VNB which if paid or provided would constitute an
"excess parachute payment", as defined in Section 280G of the Code or
regulations promulgated thereunder.   3.19. Agreements with Bank Regulators.
Neither Merchants nor any Merchants Subsidiary is a party to any agreement or
memorandum of understanding with, or a party to any commitment letter, board
resolution submitted to a regulatory authority or similar undertaking to, or
is subject to any order or directive by, or is a recipient of any
extraordinary supervisory letter from, any court, governmental authority or
other regulatory or administrative agency or commission, domestic or foreign
("Governmental Entity") which restricts materially the conduct of its
business, or in any manner relates to its capital adequacy, its credit or
reserve policies or its management, except for those the existence of which
has been disclosed in writing to Valley by Merchants prior to the date of
this Agreement, nor has Merchants been advised by any Governmental Entity
that it is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the
appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding, extraordinary supervisory letter, commitment
letter or similar submission, except as disclosed in writing to Valley by
Merchants prior to the date of this Agreement. Neither Merchants nor any
Merchants Subsidiary is required by Section 32 of the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act to give prior notice to a Federal banking agency of the
proposed addition of an individual to its board of directors or the
employment of an individual as a senior executive officer, except as
disclosed in writing to Valley by Merchants prior to the date of this
Agreement.   3.20. Disclosure. No representation or warranty contained
in Article III of this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
herein not misleading.   ARTICLE IV   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
VALLEY   References herein to the "Valley Disclosure Schedule" shall mean
all of the disclosure schedules required by this Article IV, dated as of the
date hereof and referenced to the specific sections and subsections
of Article IV of this Agreement, which have been delivered on the date hereof
by Valley to Merchants or will be delivered pursuant to Section 5.11(a) by
Valley to Merchants. Disclosure of an item in one section of the Valley
Disclosure Schedule will be considered disclosure for purposes of all
sections thereof, except where this Agreement specifies that the item must be
referenced in a particular section of the Valley Disclosure Schedule. Valley
hereby represents and warrants to Merchants as follows:   4.1. Corporate
Organization.   (a) Valley is a corporation duly organized and
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New
Jersey. Valley has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so licensed or qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, assets or financial condition of Valley and its
Subsidiaries (as defined below) on a consolidated basis. Valley is registered
as a bank holding company under the BHCA.   (b) All of the Subsidiaries of
Valley are listed in the Valley Disclosure Schedule. The term "Subsidiary"
when used in this Agreement with reference to Valley, means any corporation,
joint venture, association, partnership, trust or other entity in which
Valley has, directly or indirectly, at least a 50% interest or acts as a
general partner. Each Subsidiary of Valley is duly organized and validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation. VNB is a national bank whose deposits are insured by the BIF
of the FDIC to the fullest extent permitted by law. Each Subsidiary of Valley
has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and is
duly licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing
or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, assets or financial condition of Valley and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis.   4.2. Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of
Valley consists solely of 108,527,344 shares of Valley Common Stock and
30,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value per share (the "Valley
Preferred Stock"), which may be divided into classes and into series within
any class as determined by the Board of Directors. As of June 30, 2000, there
were 60,433,231 shares of Valley Common Stock issued and outstanding net of
treasury stock, and 182,746 treasury shares and no shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding. Since June 30, 2000, to and including the date of this
Agreement, no additional shares of Valley Common Stock have been issued
except in connection with the consummation of the acquisition of Hallmark
Capital Management, Inc. on July 6, 2000 and exercises of options granted
under the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan of Valley (the "Valley Option Plan")
or grants under the Valley Option Plan or grants or options under any option
or stock plan assumed by Valley in connection with any other acquisition (the
"Acquired Stock Plans"). As of June 30, 2000, except for: (a) 1,878,545
shares of Valley Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock
options and stock appreciation rights granted pursuant to the Valley Option
Plan or the Acquired Stock Plans, and (b) 16,452 shares of Valley Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options granted to
a consultant for Valley, there were no shares of Valley Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of outstanding stock options or otherwise. All issued
and outstanding shares of Valley Common Stock, and all issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of Valley\'s Subsidiaries, have been duly authorized
and validly issued, are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive
rights, and are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, charges,
restrictions or rights of third parties. All of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of Valley\'s Subsidiaries are owned by Valley free and clear of
any liens, encumbrances, charges, restrictions or rights of third parties,
except as listed in the Valley Disclosure Schedule. Except for the options
and stock appreciation rights referred to above under the Valley Option Plan,
neither Valley nor any of Valley\'s Subsidiaries has or is bound by any
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or
agreements of any character calling for the transfer, purchase or issuance of
any shares of capital stock of Valley or Valley\'s Subsidiaries or any
securities representing the right to otherwise receive any shares of such
capital stock or any securities convertible into or representing the right to
purchase or subscribe for any such shares, and there are no agreements or
understandings with respect to voting of any such shares.   4.3. Authority;
No Violation.   (a) Subject to the approval of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby by the stockholders of Valley, Valley
and VNB have full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in
accordance with the terms hereof. Valley has a sufficient number of
authorized but unissued shares of Valley Common Stock to pay the
consideration for the Merger set forth in Article II of this Agreement. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the
Board of Directors of each of Valley and VNB. The execution and delivery of
the Bank Merger Agreement has been duly and validly approved by the Board of
Directors of VNB. Except for the approvals described in paragraph (b) below,
no other corporate proceedings on the part of Valley and VNB are necessary to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
and validly executed and delivered by Valley and VNB and constitutes a valid
and binding obligation of Valley and VNB, enforceable against Valley and VNB
in accordance with its terms.   (b) Neither the execution or delivery of
this Agreement nor the consummation by Valley and VNB of the transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof, will (i) violate any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Valley or the
Articles of Association or Bylaws of VNB, (ii) assuming that the consents and
approvals set forth below are duly obtained, violate any statute, code,
ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction
applicable to Valley or VNB or any of their respective properties or assets,
or (iii) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of,
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or
both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of,
accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any
lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the
properties or assets of Valley or VNB under, any of the terms, conditions
or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,
license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Valley
or VNB is a party, or by which Valley or VNB or any of their properties or
assets may be bound or affected, except, with respect to (ii) and (iii)
above, such as in the aggregate will not have a material adverse effect on
the business, operations, assets or financial condition of Valley and
Valley\'s Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or the ability of Valley and
VNB to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Except for consents
and approvals of or filings or registrations with or notices to the OCC, the
Department, the FRB, the New Jersey Secretary of State, the SEC, or
applicable state securities bureaus or commissions and the stockholders of
Valley, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with or
notices to any third party or any public body or authority are necessary on
behalf of Valley or VNB in connection with (a) the execution and delivery by
Valley or VNB of this Agreement, (b) the consummation by Valley of the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (c) the execution and
delivery by VNB of the Bank Merger Agreement and the consummation by VNB of
the Bank Merger and other transactions contemplated thereby.   4.4.
Financial Statements.   (a) Valley\'s Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC under the 1934 Act and available on the SEC\'s EDGAR system set forth
the consolidated statements of condition of Valley as of December 31, 1999,
1998 and 1997, and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows for the periods ended December 31 in
each of the three years 1997 through 1999, in each case accompanied by the
audit report of KPMG LLP, independent public accountants with respect to
Valley, and Valley\'s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC under
the 1934 Act and available on the SEC\'s EDGAR system set forth the unaudited
consolidated statements of condition of Valley as of June 30, 2000 and
related unaudited consolidated statements of income, changes in
stockholders\' equity and cash flows for the six months then ended
(collectively, the "Valley Financial Statements"). The Valley
Financial Statements (including the related notes), have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved, and
fairly present the consolidated financial position of Valley as of the
respective dates set forth therein, and the related consolidated statements
of income, changes in stockholders\' equity and of cash flows (including the
related notes, where applicable) fairly present the results of the
consolidated operations and changes in stockholders\' equity and of cash
flows of Valley for the respective fiscal periods set forth therein.   (b)
The books and records of Valley and its subsidiaries have been and are being
maintained in material compliance with applicable legal and accounting
requirements, and reflect only actual transactions.   (c) Except as and to
the extent reflected, disclosed or reserved against in the Valley Financial
Statements (including the notes thereto), as of June 30, 2000 neither Valley
nor any of its Subsidiaries had or has, as the case may be, any material
obligation or liability, whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise,
material to the business, operations, assets or financial condition of Valley
or any of its Subsidiaries. Since June 30, 2000, neither Valley nor any of
its Subsidiaries have incurred any material liabilities, except in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with prudent banking practice,
except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement.   4.5. Brokerage
Fees; Financial Advisor; Fairness Opinion. Except for fees to be paid to MG
Advisors, Inc., neither Valley nor VNB nor any of their respective directors
or officers has employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for
any broker\'s or finder\'s fees or commissions in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Sandler O\'Neill and Partners,
L.P. has delivered to Valley its written opinion with respect to the fairness
from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Ratio to the shareholders of
Valley in the Merger.   4.6. Absence of Certain Changes or Events. There has
not been any material adverse change in the business, operations, assets or
financial condition of Valley and Valley\'s Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis since June 30, 2000 and to Valley\'s knowledge, no fact or condition
exists which Valley believes will cause or is likely to cause such a material
adverse change in the future.   4.7. Valley Information. The information
relating to Valley and its Subsidiaries, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby to be contained in the Registration Statement and Joint
Proxy Statement-Prospectus (as defined in Section 5.6(a) hereof), as of the
date of the mailing of the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus to stockholders
of Merchants and Valley, and up to and including the date of the meetings of
stockholders to which such Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus relates, will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Registration Statement shall
comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
4.8. Capital Adequacy. As of the date of this Agreement Valley has, and at
the Effective Time, after taking into effect the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereunder, Valley will have, sufficient capital to satisfy all
applicable regulatory capital requirements.   4.9. Valley Common Stock. As
of the date hereof, Valley has available and reserved shares of Valley Common
Stock sufficient for issuance pursuant to the Merger and upon the exercise of
Stock Options subsequent thereto. The Valley Common Stock to be issued
hereunder pursuant to the Merger, and upon exercise of the Stock Options,
when so issued, will be duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable, free of preemptive rights and free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances or restrictions created by or through Valley, with no personal
liability attaching to the ownership thereof. The Valley Common Stock to be
issued hereunder pursuant to the Merger, and upon exercise of the Stock
Options, when so issued, will be registered under the 1933 Act and issued in
accordance with all applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations,
and will be approved or listed for trading on the NYSE.   4.10. Legal
Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Valley Disclosure Schedule, neither
Valley nor its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending or,
to Valley\'s knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other
proceedings, claims, actions or governmental investigations of any nature
against Valley or any of its Subsidiaries which, if decided adversely to
Valley, or any of its Subsidiaries, would have a material adverse effect on
the business, operations, assets or financial condition of Valley and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Except as disclosed in the Valley
Disclosure Schedule, neither Valley nor any of Valley\'s Subsidiaries is
a party to any order, judgment or decree entered against Valley or any
such Subsidiary in any lawsuit or proceeding which would have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of
Valley and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.   4.11. Taxes and Tax
Returns.   (a) Valley and each Valley Subsidiary have duly filed (and until
the Effective Time will so file) all Returns required to be filed by them in
respect of any federal, state and local taxes (including withholding
taxes, penalties or other payments required) and except as set forth in the
Valley Disclosure Schedule, each has duly paid (and until the Effective Time
will so pay) all such taxes shown as due on such returns, other than taxes or
other charges which are being contested in good faith (and disclosed to
Merchants in writing). Valley and each Valley Subsidiary have established
(and until the Effective Time will establish) on their books and records
reserves for the payment of all federal, state and local taxes not yet due
and payable, but incurred in respect of Valley or any Valley Subsidiary
through such date, which reserves are adequate for such purposes. To the
knowledge of Valley, except as set forth in the Valley Disclosure Schedule,
the federal income tax returns of Valley and its Subsidiaries have been
examined by the IRS (or are closed to examination due to the expiration of
the applicable statute of limitations) and no deficiencies were asserted as a
result of such examinations which have not been resolved and paid in full. To
the knowledge of Valley, except as set forth in the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, the applicable state income and local tax returns of Valley and its
Subsidiaries have been examined by the applicable authorities (or are closed
to examination due to the expiration of the statute of limitations) and no
deficiencies were asserted as a result of such examinations which have not
been resolved and paid in full. To the knowledge of Valley, there are no
audits or other administrative or court proceedings presently pending nor any
other disputes pending, or claims asserted for, taxes or assessments upon
Valley or any of its Subsidiaries, nor except as set forth in the Valley
Disclosure Schedule, has Valley or any of its Subsidiaries given any
currently outstanding waivers or comparable consents regarding
the application of the statute of limitations with respect to any taxes or
Returns.   (b) Except as set forth in the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, neither Valley nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has requested any
extension of time within which to file any tax Return which Return has not
since been filed, (ii) is a party to any agreement providing for the
allocation or sharing of taxes, (iii) is required to include in income any
adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code, by reason of a voluntary
change in accounting method initiated by Valley or any Valley Subsidiary (nor
does Valley have any knowledge that the IRS has proposed any such adjustment
or change of accounting method) or (iv) has filed a consent pursuant to
Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code
apply.   4.12. Employee Benefit Plans.   (a) Valley and its Subsidiaries
maintain or contribute to certain "employee pension benefit plans" (the
"Valley Pension Plans"), as such term is defined in Section 3 of ERISA, and
"employee welfare benefit plans" (the "Valley Welfare Plans"), as such term
is defined in Section 3 of ERISA. Since September 2, 1974, neither Valley nor
its Subsidiaries have contributed to any "Multiemployer Plan", as such term
is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA.   (b) Valley has delivered to
Merchants in the Valley Disclosure Schedule a complete and accurate copy of
each of the summary plan description with respect to each of the Valley
Pension Plans and Valley Welfare Plans.   (c) The present value of all
accrued benefits both vested and non-vested under each of the Valley Pension
Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA, based upon the actuarial assumptions used
for purposes of the most recent actuarial valuation prepared by such Valley
Pension Plan\'s actuary, did not exceed the then current value of the assets
of such plans allocable to such accrued benefits. To the best of Valley\'s
knowledge, the actuarial assumptions then utilized for such plans were
reasonable and appropriate as of the last valuation date and reflect then
current market conditions.   (d) During the last six years, the PBGC has not
asserted any claim for liability against Valley or any of its Subsidiaries
which has not been paid in full.   (e) All premiums (and interest charges
and penalties for late payment, if applicable) due to the PBGC with respect
to each Valley Pension Plan have been paid. All contributions required to be
made to each Valley Pension Plan under the terms thereof, ERISA or other
applicable law have been timely made, and all amounts properly accrued to
date as liabilities of Valley and its Subsidiaries which have not been paid
have been properly recorded on the books of Valley and its Subsidiaries.  
(f) Except as disclosed on the Valley Disclosure Schedule, each of the Valley
Pension Plans and the Valley Welfare Plans has been operated in compliance in
all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, all
regulations, rulings and announcements promulgated or issued thereunder, and
all other applicable governmental laws and regulations. Furthermore, the IRS
has issued a favorable determination letter, which takes into account the Tax
Reform Act of 1986 and subsequent legislation, with respect to each of the
Valley Pension Plans and Valley is not aware of any fact or circumstance
which would disqualify any such plan, that could not be retroactively
corrected (in accordance with the procedures of the IRS).   (g) To the
knowledge of Valley, no non-exempt prohibited transaction, within the meaning
of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA, has occurred with
respect to any of the Valley Welfare Plans or Valley Pension Plans.   (h)
No Valley Pension Plan or any trust created thereunder has been terminated,
nor have there been any "reportable events", within the meaning of Section
4034(b) of ERISA, with respect to any of the Valley Pension Plans.   (i) No
"accumulated funding deficiency", within the meaning of Section 412 of the
Code, has been incurred with respect to any of the Valley Pension Plans.  
(j) There are no pending, or, to the knowledge of Valley, threatened or
anticipated claims (other than routine claims for benefits) by, on behalf of
or against any of the Valley Pension Plans or the Valley Welfare Plans, any
trusts related thereto or any other plan or arrangement identified in the
Valley Disclosure Schedule.   (k) Except as set forth in the Valley
Disclosure Schedule, Valley does not maintain any retirement plan for
directors.   (l) Except with respect to customary health, life
and disability benefits or as disclosed on the Valley Disclosure Schedule,
there are no unfunded benefit obligations which are not accounted for by
reserves shown on the financial statements of Valley and established under
GAAP or otherwise noted on such financial statements.   4.13. Reports.  
(a) Each communication mailed by Valley to its stockholders since January 1,
1997, and each annual, quarterly or special report, proxy statement or
communication, as of its date, complied in all material respects with all
applicable statutes, rules and regulations enforced or promulgated by the
applicable regulatory agency and did not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that disclosures as of a later date shall be deemed to modify disclosures as
of an earlier date. The Valley Disclosure Schedule lists all SEC 1933 Act
filings by Valley that currently are subject to review.   (b) Valley and
VNB have, since January 1, 1997, duly filed with the OCC and, where
applicable, the FDIC, and the FRB in correct form in all material respects
the monthly, quarterly and annual reports required to be filed under
applicable laws and regulations, and Valley, upon written request
from Merchants, promptly will deliver or make available to Merchants accurate
and complete copies of such reports. The Valley Disclosure Schedule lists the
dates of all examinations of Valley or VNB conducted by either the OCC, the
FRB or the FDIC since January 1, 1997.   4.14. Compliance with Applicable
Law. Valley and its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, franchises,
permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their
respective businesses under and pursuant to each, and has complied with and
is not in default in any respect under any, applicable law, statute, order,
rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any federal, state or local
governmental authority relating to Valley and its Subsidiaries (other than
where such default or non-compliance will not result in a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of Valley
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) and Valley has not received
notice of violations of, and does not know of any violations of, any of the
above. Without limiting the foregoing, to its knowledge (i) VNB has complied
in all material respects with the CRA and (ii) no person or group would
object to the consummation of the Merger due to the CRA performance or rating
of VNB. To the knowledge of Valley, except as listed on the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, no person or group has adversely commented upon VNB\'s CRA
performance.   4.15. Properties and Insurance.   (a) Valley and its
Subsidiaries have good and, as to owned real property, marketable title to
all material assets and properties, whether real or personal, tangible or
intangible, reflected in Valley\'s consolidated balance sheet as of June 30,
2000, or owned and acquired subsequent thereto (except to the extent that
such assets and properties have been disposed of for fair value in the
ordinary course of business since June 30, 2000), subject to no encumbrances,
liens, mortgages, security interests or pledges, except (i) those items that
secure liabilities that are reflected in such balance sheet or the notes
thereto or incurred in the ordinary course of business after the date of such
balance sheet, (ii) statutory liens for amounts not yet delinquent or which
are being contested in good faith, (iii) such encumbrances, liens, mortgages,
security interests, pledges and title imperfections that are not in the
aggregate material to the business, operations, assets, and
financial condition of Valley and its subsidiaries taken as a whole and (iv)
with respect to owned real property, title imperfections which are noted in
the most recent title reports with respect to such property. Valley and its
Subsidiaries as lessees have the right under valid and subsisting leases to
occupy, use, possess and control all property leased by them in all material
respects as presently occupied, used, possessed and controlled by them.  
(b) The business operations and all insurable properties and assets of Valley
and its Subsidiaries are insured for their benefit against all risks which,
in the reasonable judgment of the management of Valley should be insured
against, in each case under valid, binding and enforceable policies or bonds,
with such deductibles and against such risks and losses as are in the opinion
of the management of Valley adequate for the business engaged in by Valley
and its Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, neither Valley nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation or notice of a
material amendment of any such insurance policy or bond or is in default
under such policy or bond, no coverage thereunder is being disputed and all
material claims thereunder have been filed in a timely fashion.   4.16.
Minute Books. The minute books of Valley and its Subsidiaries contain records
that are accurate in all material respects of all meetings and other
corporate action held of their respective stockholders and Boards of
Directors (including committees of their respective Boards of Directors).  
4.17. Environmental Matters. Except as disclosed in the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, neither Valley nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice, citation, claim, assessment, proposed assessment or demand
for abatement alleging that Valley or any of its Subsidiaries (either
directly or as a successor-in-interest in connection with the enforcement of
remedies to realize the value of properties serving as collateral for
outstanding loans) is responsible for the correction or clean-up of any
condition material to the business, operations, assets or financial condition
of Valley or its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, Valley has no knowledge that any toxic or hazardous substances or
materials have been emitted, generated, disposed of or stored on any property
owned or leased by Valley or any of its Subsidiaries in any manner that
violates or, after the lapse of time may violate, any presently existing
federal, state or local law or regulation governing or pertaining to such
substances and materials, the violation of which would have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, assets or financial condition of
Valley and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.   4.18. Reserves. As
of the date hereof, the reserve for loan and lease losses in the Valley
Financial Statements is, to Valley\'s knowledge, adequate based upon past
loan loss experiences and potential losses in the current portfolio to cover
all known or anticipated loan losses.   4.19. Agreements with Bank
Regulators. Neither Valley nor any Valley Subsidiary is a party to any
agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or a party to any commitment
letter, board resolution submitted to a regulatory authority or similar
undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive by, or is a recipient
of any extraordinary supervisory letter from, any Governmental Entity which
restricts materially the conduct of its business, or in any manner relates to
its capital adequacy, its credit or reserve policies or its management, nor
has Valley been advised by any Governmental Entity that it is contemplating
issuing or requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of issuing or
requesting) any such order, decree, agreement, memorandum of understanding,
extraordinary supervisory letter, commitment letter or similar submission,
except as disclosed in writing to Merchants by Valley prior to the date of
this Agreement. Neither VNB nor any Valley Subsidiary is required by Section
32 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to give prior notice to a Federal
banking agency of the proposed addition of an individual to its board
of directors or the employment of an individual as a senior executive
officer, except as disclosed in writing to Merchants by Valley prior to the
date of this Agreement.   4.20. Disclosures. No representation or warranty
contained in Article IV of this Agreement contains any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements herein not misleading.   ARTICLE V   COVENANTS OF THE
PARTIES   5.1. Conduct of the Business of Merchants. During the period from
the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Merchants shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its respective business and engage
in transactions permitted hereunder only in the ordinary course
and consistent with prudent banking practice, except with the prior written
consent of Valley, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Merchants
also shall use its best efforts to (i) preserve its business organization and
that of each Merchants Subsidiary intact, (ii) keep available to itself the
present services of its employees and those of its Subsidiaries, provided
that neither Merchants nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to take
any unreasonable or extraordinary act or any action which would conflict with
any other term of this Agreement, and (iii) preserve for itself and Valley
the goodwill of its customers and those of its Subsidiaries and others with
whom business relationships exist.   5.2. Negative Covenants and Dividend
Covenants.   (a) Merchants agrees that from the date hereof to
the Effective Time, except as otherwise approved by Valley in writing or
as permitted or required by this Agreement, it will not, nor will it permit
any of its Subsidiaries to:   (i) change any provision of its Certificate
of Incorporation  or Bylaws or any similar governing documents;   (ii)
except for the issuance of Merchants Common Stock  pursuant to the present
terms of the outstanding Merchants Options and  the Valley Stock Option and
as disclosed in the Merchants Disclosure  Schedule, change the number of
shares of its authorized or issued  common or Preferred Stock or issue or
grant any option, warrant, call,  commitment, subscription, right to purchase
or agreement of any  character relating to the authorized or issued capital
stock of  Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary or any securities
convertible  into shares of such stock, or split, combine or reclassify any
shares  of its capital stock, or redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
such  capital stock, or declare, set aside or pay any dividend, or other 
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination  thereof)
in respect of its capital stock, other than its regular  quarterly dividend
of $0.125;   (iii) grant any severance or termination pay (other than 
pursuant to policies of Merchants in effect on the date hereof and  disclosed
in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule or as agreed to by  Valley in writing)
to, or enter into or amend any employment agreement  with, any of its
directors, officers or employees, adopt any new  employee benefit plan or
arrangement of any type or amend any such  existing benefit plan or
arrangement; or award any increase in  compensation or benefits to its
directors, officers or employees,  except for increases in compensation to
officers (other than those  entering into the Non-Competition Agreements
referenced in Section  5.15) and employees in the usual and ordinary course
of business, not  to exceed 5%;   (iv) sell or dispose of any substantial
amount of assets or  incur any significant liabilities other than in the
ordinary course of  business consistent with past practices and policies;  
(v) make any capital expenditures in excess of $100,000 other  than pursuant
to binding commitments existing on the date hereof and  expenditures
necessary to maintain existing assets in good repair and  expenditures
described in business plans or budgets previously  furnished to Valley,
except as set forth in Section 5.2 of the  Merchants Disclosure Schedule;  
(vi) file any applications or make any contract with respect  to branching or
site location or relocation;   (vii) agree to acquire in any manner
whatsoever (other than to  foreclose on collateral for a defaulted loan) any
business or entity;   (viii) make any material change in its accounting
methods or  practices, other than changes required in accordance with
GAAP;   (ix) take any action that would result in any of the 
representations and warranties contained in Article III of this  Agreement
not being true and correct in any material respect at the  Effective Time or
that would cause any of its conditions to Closing not  to be satisfied;
or   (x) agree to do any of the foregoing.   (b) Valley agrees that from
the date hereof to the Effective Time, except as otherwise approved by
Merchants in writing or as permitted or required by this Agreement, it will
not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to:   (i) take any action
that is intended or may reasonably be  expected to result in any of its
representations and warranties set  forth in Article IV of this Agreement not
being true and correct in any  material respect at the Effective Time or that
would cause any of its  conditions to Closing not to be satisfied;   (ii)
consolidate with or merge with any other person or entity  in which Valley is
not the surviving entity, or convey, transfer or  lease its properties and
assets substantially as an entirety to any  person or entity unless such
person or entity shall expressly assume  the obligations of Valley under this
Agreement; or   (iii) authorize or enter into any agreement or commitment
to  do any of the foregoing.   5.3. No Solicitation. So long as this
Agreement remains in effect, neither Merchants nor the Bank shall, directly
or indirectly, encourage or solicit or hold discussions or negotiations with,
or provide any information to, any person, entity or group (other than
Valley) concerning any merger or sale of shares of capital stock or sale of
substantial assets or liabilities not in the ordinary course of business, or
similar transactions involving Merchants or the Bank (an "Acquisition
Transaction"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Merchants may enter into
discussions or negotiations or provide information in connection with an
unsolicited possible Acquisition Transaction if the Board of Directors of
Merchants, after consulting with counsel, determines in the exercise of its
fiduciary responsibilities that such discussions or negotiations should be
commenced or such information should be furnished. Merchants shall promptly
communicate to Valley the terms of any proposal, whether written or oral,
which it may receive in respect of any such Acquisition Transaction and the
fact that it is having discussions or negotiations with a third party
about an Acquisition Transaction.   5.4. Current Information. During the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Merchants will
cause one or more of its designated representatives to confer on a monthly or
more frequent basis with representatives of Valley regarding Merchants\'
business, operations, properties, assets and financial condition and matters
relating to the completion of the transactions contemplated herein. Without
limiting the foregoing, Merchants will send to Valley a monthly list of each
new loan or extension of credit, and each renewal of an existing loan or
extension of credit, in excess of $250,000, made during such month, and
provide Valley with a copy of the loan offering for any such loan, extension
of credit, or renewal upon request. As soon as reasonably available, but in
no event more than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than
the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year) ending after the date of this
Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, Merchants will deliver to Valley
the Bank\'s call reports filed with the Department and FDIC and Merchants\'
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC under the 1934 Act, and
Valley will deliver to Merchants Valley\'s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as
filed with the SEC under the 1934 Act, and VNB\'s call reports filed with the
OCC and the FDIC. As soon as reasonably available, but in no event more than
90 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, Merchants will deliver to
Valley and Valley will deliver to Merchants their respective Annual Reports,
in each case as filed on Form 10-K with the SEC under the 1934 Act.   5.5.
Access to Properties and Records; Confidentiality.   (a) Merchants and the
Bank shall permit Valley and its representatives, and Valley and VNB shall
permit Merchants and its representatives, accompanied by an officer of the
respective party, reasonable access to their respective properties, and shall
disclose and make available to Valley and its representatives or Merchants
and its representatives as the case may be, all books, papers and records
relating to their respective assets, stock ownership, properties, operations,
obligations and liabilities, including, but not limited to, all books of
account (including the general ledger), tax records, minute books of
directors\' and stockholders\' meetings, organizational documents, bylaws,
material contracts and agreements, filings with any regulatory authority,
independent auditors\' work papers (subject to the receipt by such auditors
of a standard access representation letter), litigation files, plans
affecting employees, and any other business activities or prospects in which
Valley and its representatives or Merchants and its representatives may have
a reasonable interest. Neither party shall be required to provide access
to or to disclose information where such access or disclosure would violate
or prejudice the rights of any customer or would contravene any law,
rule, regulation, order or judgment. The parties will use their best efforts
to obtain waivers of any such restriction and in any event make appropriate
substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which the
restrictions of the preceding sentence apply. Merchants acknowledges that
Valley may be involved in discussions concerning potential acquisitions of
other banks and financial-related institutions and Valley shall not be
obligated to disclose such information to Merchants except as such
information is publicly disclosed by Valley.   (b) All information
furnished by the parties hereto previously in connection with transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or pursuant hereto shall be used solely for
the purpose of evaluating the Merger contemplated hereby and shall be treated
as the sole property of the party delivering the information until
consummation of the Merger contemplated hereby and, if such Merger shall not
occur, each party and each party\'s advisors shall return to the other party
all documents or other materials containing, reflecting or referring to such
information, will not retain any copies of such information, shall use its
best efforts to keep confidential all such information, and shall not
directly or indirectly use such information for any competitive or other
commercial purposes. In the event that the Merger contemplated hereby is
abandoned, all documents, notes and other writings prepared by a party hereto
or its advisors based on information furnished by the other party shall be
promptly destroyed. The obligation to keep such information confidential
shall continue for five years from the date the proposed Merger is abandoned
but shall not apply to (i) any information which (A) the party receiving the
information can establish by convincing evidence was already in its
possession prior to the disclosure thereof to it by the other party; (B)
was then generally known to the public; (C) became known to the public
through no fault of the party receiving such information; or (D) was
disclosed to the party receiving such information by a third party not bound
by an obligation of confidentiality; or (ii) disclosures pursuant to a legal
requirement or in accordance with an order of a court of competent
jurisdiction.   (c) Without limiting the rights provided under Section
5.5(a), each of Valley and Merchants, for a period of 45 calendar days
following the date of this Agreement, shall have the right to conduct a full
and complete acquisition audit and to perform such due diligence as it deems
appropriate, using its own officers and employees or third parties, for
purposes of determining whether there is a material breach of any
representation or warranty hereunder or a material adverse change in the
business or financial condition of the other party. Such acquisition audit or
due diligence shall not be limited or restricted by virtue of any audit or
due diligence performed before the date hereof or for any other reason, but
shall not unduly interfere with the business of the other party.   5.6.
Regulatory Matters.   (a) For the purposes of holding the Shareholders
Meetings (as referred to in Section 5.7 hereof), and qualifying under
applicable federal and state securities laws the Valley Common Stock to be
issued to Merchants shareholders in connection with the Merger, the parties
hereto shall cooperate in the preparation and filing by Valley with the SEC
of a Registration Statement including a joint proxy statement and prospectus
satisfying all applicable requirements of applicable state and federal laws,
including the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and applicable state securities laws and
the rules and regulations thereunder (such proxy statement and prospectus in
the form mailed by Merchants and Valley to their respective shareholders
together with any and all amendments or supplements thereto, being herein
referred to as the "Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus" and the various
documents to be filed by Valley under the 1933 Act with the SEC to register
the Valley Common Stock for sale, including the Joint Proxy Statement-
Prospectus, are referred to herein as the "Registration Statement").   (b)
Valley shall furnish Merchants with such information concerning Valley and
its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, information regarding other
transactions which Valley is required to disclose) as is necessary in order
to cause the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus, insofar as it relates to such
corporations, to comply with Section 5.6(a) hereof. Valley agrees promptly to
advise Merchants if at any time prior to the Shareholders\' Meetings any
information provided by Valley in the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus
becomes incorrect or incomplete in any material respect and promptly to
provide Merchants with the information needed to correct such inaccuracy or
omission. Valley shall promptly furnish Merchants with such supplemental
information as may be necessary in order to cause the Joint Proxy Statement-
Prospectus, insofar as it relates to Valley and the Valley Subsidiaries, to
comply with Section 5.6(a) after the mailing thereof to the parties\'
respective shareholders.   (c) Merchants shall furnish Valley with such
information concerning Merchants as is necessary in order to cause the Joint
Proxy Statement-Prospectus, insofar as it relates to Merchants, to comply
with Section 5.6(a) hereof. Merchants agrees promptly to advise Valley if at
any time prior to the Shareholders\' Meetings, any information provided by
Merchants in the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus becomes incorrect or
incomplete in any material respect and promptly to provide Valley with the
information needed to correct such inaccuracy or omission. Merchants shall
promptly furnish Valley with such supplemental information as may be
necessary in order to cause the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus, insofar as
it relates to Merchants and the Bank to comply with Section 5.6(a) after the
mailing thereof to the parties\' respective shareholders.   (d) Valley
shall as promptly as practicable make such filings as are necessary in
connection with the offering of the Valley Common Stock with applicable state
securities agencies and shall use all reasonable efforts to qualify the
offering of such stock under applicable state securities laws at the earliest
practicable date. Merchants shall promptly furnish Valley with
such information regarding the Merchants shareholders as Valley requires to
enable it to determine what filings are required hereunder. Merchants
authorizes Valley to utilize in such filings the information concerning
Merchants and the Bank provided to Valley in connection with, or contained
in, the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus. Valley shall furnish Merchants\'
counsel with copies of all such filings and keep Merchants advised of the
status thereof. Valley and Merchants shall as promptly as practicable file
the Registration Statement containing the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus
with the SEC, and each of Valley and Merchants shall promptly notify the
other of all communications, oral or written, with the SEC concerning the
Registration Statement and the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus.   (e)
Valley shall cause the Valley Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Merger to
be listed on the NYSE at the Effective Time. Valley shall cause the Valley
Common Stock which shall be issuable pursuant to exercise of Stock Options to
be accepted for listing on the NYSE when issued.   (f) The parties hereto
will cooperate with each other and use their reasonable best efforts to
prepare all necessary documentation, to effect all necessary filings and to
obtain all necessary permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all
third parties and Governmental Entities necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as possible, including,
without limitation, those required by the OCC, the FRB, the Department, and
the FDIC. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties shall use reasonable
business efforts to file for approval or waiver by the appropriate bank
regulatory agencies within 40 days after the date hereof. The parties
shall each have the right to review in advance (and shall do so promptly) all
filings with, including all information relating to the other, as the case
may be, and any of their respective subsidiaries, which appears in any filing
made with, or written material submitted to, any third party or Governmental
Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (g) Each of the parties will promptly furnish each other
with copies of written communications received by them or any of their
respective subsidiaries from, or delivered by any of the foregoing to, any
Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby.  
(h) Merchants acknowledges that Valley is in or may be in the process of
acquiring other banks and financial-related institutions and that
in connection with such acquisitions, information concerning Merchants may
be required to be included in the registration statements, if any, for the
sale of securities of Valley or in SEC reports in connection with such
acquisitions. Merchants agrees to provide Valley with any information,
certificates, documents or other materials about Merchants as are reasonably
necessary to be included in such other SEC reports or registration
statements, including registration statements which may be filed by Valley
prior to the Effective Time. Merchants shall use its reasonable efforts to
cause its attorneys and accountants to provide Valley and any underwriters
for Valley with any consents, comfort letters, opinion letters, reports or
information which are necessary to complete the registration statements and
applications for any such acquisition or issuance of securities. Valley shall
reimburse Merchants for reasonable expenses thus incurred by Merchants should
this transaction be terminated for any reason. Valley shall not file with the
SEC any registration statement or amendment thereto or supplement thereof
containing information regarding Merchants unless Merchants shall have
consented in writing to such filing, which consent shall not be unreasonably
delayed or withheld.   (i) Between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time, Merchants shall cooperate with Valley to reasonably conform
Merchants\' policies and procedures regarding applicable regulatory matters,
to those of Valley as Valley may reasonably identify to Merchants from time
to time.   5.7. Approval of Shareholders.   (a) Merchants will (i) take
all steps necessary duly to call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting
of the shareholders of Merchants (the "Merchants Shareholders Meeting") for
the purpose of securing the approval of shareholders of this Agreement, (ii)
subject to the qualification set forth in Section 5.3 hereof and the right
not to make a recommendation or to withdraw a recommendation if Merchants\'
Board of Directors, after consulting with counsel, determines in the exercise
of its fiduciary duties that such recommendation should not be made or should
be withdrawn, recommend to the shareholders of Merchants the approval of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain, as promptly as practicable, such approval, and (iii)
cooperate and consult with Valley with respect to each of the foregoing
matters. The directors of Merchants in their capacity as shareholders have
agreed, by signing a certificate to that effect, to vote in favor of the
Agreement.   (b) Valley will (i) take all steps necessary duly to
call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the shareholders of
Valley (the "Valley Shareholders Meeting") for the purpose of securing the
approval of shareholders of this Agreement, (ii) recommend to the
shareholders of Valley, subject to any fiduciary duties it determines it may
have after consulting with counsel, the approval of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and use its reasonable best efforts to
obtain, as promptly as practicable, such approval, and (iii) cooperate and
consult with Merchants with respect to each of the foregoing matters.  
5.8. Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided,
each of the parties hereto agrees to use its best efforts to take, or cause
to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations
to satisfy the conditions to Closing and to consummate and make effective
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without
limitation, using reasonable efforts to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order adversely affecting the ability of the
parties to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
using its best efforts to prevent the breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement of such party contained or referred to in this
Agreement and to promptly remedy the same. Valley and Merchants will
cooperate to take the necessary actions to cure appropriate tainted treasury
shares so that the Merger meets the treasury stock condition for pooling-of-
interests accounting. Valley shall determine whether it or Merchants or both
shall take such action. Nothing in this section shall be construed to require
any party to participate in any threatened or actual legal, administrative or
other proceedings (other than proceedings, actions or investigations to which
it is otherwise a party or subject or threatened to be made a party or
subject) in connection with consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement unless such party shall consent in advance and in writing to
such participation and the other party agrees to reimburse and indemnify such
party for and against any and all costs and damages related thereto.   5.9.
Public Announcements. The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other in
the development, distribution and filing with governmental agencies as
required under applicable law, of all news releases and other
public disclosures with respect to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby, except as may be otherwise required by law
or regulation or as to which the party releasing such information has used
its best efforts to discuss with the other party in advance.   5.10.
Failure to Fulfill Conditions. In the event that Valley or Merchants
determines that a material condition to its obligation to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby cannot be fulfilled on or prior to April 30,
2001 (the "Cutoff Date") and that it will not waive that condition, it will
promptly notify the other party. Except for any acquisition or
merger discussions Valley may enter into with other parties, Merchants and
Valley will promptly inform the other of any facts applicable to Merchants or
Valley, respectively, or their respective directors or officers, that would
be likely to prevent or materially delay approval of the Merger by any
governmental authority or which would otherwise prevent or materially delay
completion of the Merger.   5.11. Disclosure Supplements. From time to time
prior to the Effective Time, each party hereto will promptly supplement or
amend (by written notice to the other) its respective Disclosure Schedules
delivered pursuant hereto with respect to any matter hereafter arising which,
if existing, occurring or known at the date of this Agreement, would have
been required to be set forth or described in such Schedules or which is
necessary to correct any information in such Schedules which has been
rendered materially inaccurate thereby. If the disclosure contained in any
such supplement (i) relates to events occurring before execution of this
Agreement or (ii) alone or together with other supplements or amendments
materially adversely affects the representation to which the amendment or
supplement relates, the party receiving the amendment or supplement may
determine not to accept it as a modification of the relevant representation.
Notice of such determination, if made, shall be given by the receiving party
to the other party not later than 15 days after it received the disclosure in
question. If such notice is not timely given, or if the disclosure in
question did not contain any matter of the nature specified in clause (i) or
(ii) of the second preceding sentence, the relevant representation shall be
deemed modified by the disclosure in the amendment or supplement with the
same effect as though that disclosure had been included in the
relevant Disclosure Schedule as furnished prior to execution of this
Agreement.   5.12 Transaction Expenses of Merchants.   (a) For planning
purposes, Merchants shall, within 30 days from the date hereof, provide
Valley with its estimated budget of transaction-related expenses reasonably
anticipated to be payable by Merchants in connection with this transaction
based on facts and circumstances currently known, including the fees and
expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers and other professionals.
Merchants shall promptly notify Valley if or when it determines that it will
expect to exceed its budget. Prior to signing this Agreement, Merchants has
disclosed to Valley the method by which the fees of its investment bankers
and counsel in connection with this transaction are to be determined, and has
disclosed to Valley the fees of its counsel in connection with this
transaction through a recent date.   (b) Promptly, but in any event within
30 days, after the execution of this Agreement, Merchants shall ask all of
its attorneys and other professionals to render current and correct invoices
for all unbilled time and disbursements. Merchants shall accrue and/or pay
all of such amounts as soon as possible.   (c) Merchants shall cause its
professionals to render monthly invoices within 30 days after the end of each
month. Merchants shall notify Valley monthly of all out-of-pocket expenses
which Merchants has incurred in connection with this transaction.   (d)
Valley, in reasonable consultation with Merchants, shall make all
arrangements with respect to the printing and mailing of the Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus.   5.13. Closing. The parties hereto shall cooperate
and use reasonable efforts to try to cause the Effective Time to occur
between January 15 and January 31, 2001.   5.14. Indemnification. After the
Effective Time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or the
Certificate of Incorporation or Articles of Association, Valley agrees that
it will, or will cause VNB to, provide to the directors and officers of
Merchants and the Bank indemnification with respect to acts or omissions
occurring prior to the Effective Time, including without limitation, the
authorization of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, for
a period of six years from the Effective Time, or in the case of matters
occurring prior to the Effective Time which have not been resolved prior to
the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, until such matters are finally
resolved. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or the Certificate of
Incorporation or Articles of Association, Valley or VNB (as applicable) shall
advance expenses in connection with the foregoing indemnification.   5.15.
Employment Matters and Other Post-Closing Items.   (a) Following
consummation of the Merger, Valley will honor the existing written employment
and pension benefit agreements with officers and employees of Merchants and
the Bank that exist on the date hereof, which are included in Section 5.15(a)
of the Merchants Disclosure Schedule (as the same are modified by those
agreements between Valley and each of Spencer B. Witty, James G. Lawrence,
William J. Cardew and Eric W. Gould (the "Non-Competition Agreements")
entered into on the date hereof).   (b) Valley intends, to the extent
practical, to continue the employment of all officers and employees of the
Bank, at or near the same location, with the same or equivalent salary and
benefits.   (c) Following the consummation of the Merger and for one
year thereafter, VNB shall, to the extent not duplicative of other
severance benefits, pay one week of severance for each year of service
completed while employed by Merchants and/or the Bank, with a maximum benefit
of 26 weeks and a minimum of four (4) weeks.   (d) Before or following
consummation of the Merger, Valley will decide whether to continue each of
the Bank and/or Merchants\' pension and welfare plans for the benefit of
employees of the Bank and Merchants, or to have such employees become covered
under a Valley Pension and Welfare Plan. If Valley decides to cover Bank and
Merchants employees under a Valley Pension and Welfare Plan, such employees
will receive credit for prior years of service with the Bank and/or Merchants
for purposes of determining eligibility to participate, and vesting, if
applicable (but not for the accrual of benefits under Valley\'s pension
plan). No prior existing condition limitation shall be imposed with respect
to any medical coverage plan as a result of the Merger and Merchants and Bank
employees shall get credit for any deductibles already paid under
existing plans for the year in which the Merger occurs.   (e) Merchants and
the Bank may continue to administer such bonus programs and arrangements as
are disclosed pursuant to this Agreement through the Effective Time, provided
that bonuses shall be paid only to the extent they have been previously
accrued and their payment will not cause Merchants\' earnings to fall below
budgeted amounts.   (f) Valley shall create a New York advisory board
and following the Closing the directors of Merchants who are not on the
Valley Board of Directors shall be invited to become members of the advisory
board, along with other prominent customers and associates of Merchants
selected by Valley.   (g) Valley shall honor the existing director
retirement plan of Merchants contained in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule.   (h) After the Closing, Valley shall operate the branches
of Bank using the name of the Bank and noting that it is a division of
VNB.   (i) Valley and Merchants shall cooperate with each other before the
Closing to designate those Merchants officers who after the Closing will
receive three year cliff vesting stock options and restricted stock under the
Valley Option Plan and other benefits appropriate to retain the officers
of Merchants.   5.16. Pooling and Tax-Free Reorganization Treatment.
Neither Valley nor Merchants shall intentionally take, fail to take or cause
to be taken or not taken, any action within its control, which would
disqualify the Merger as a "pooling of interests" for accounting purposes or
as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.  
5.17. Merchants Option Plan. From and after the Effective Time, each
Merchants Option which is converted to an option to purchase Valley Common
Stock under Section 2.1(b) shall be administered, operated and interpreted by
a committee comprised of members of the Board of Directors of Valley
appointed by the Board of Directors of Valley. Valley shall reserve
for issuance the number of shares of Valley Common Stock necessary to
satisfy Valley\'s obligations. Valley shall also register, if not previously
registered pursuant to the 1933 Act, the shares authorized for issuance under
the Merchants Options so converted.   5.18. Affiliates.   (a) Promptly,
but in any event within 14 days, after the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, (i) Merchants shall deliver to Valley (x) a letter identifying all
persons who, to the knowledge of Merchants, may be deemed to be affiliates of
Merchants under Rule 145 of the 1933 Act, including without limitation all
directors and executive officers of Merchants and (y) a letter identifying
all persons who, to the knowledge of Merchants, may be deemed to be
affiliates of Merchants as that term (affiliate) is used for purposes
of qualifying for pooling-of-interests accounting treatment; and (ii) Valley
shall identify to Merchants all persons who, to the knowledge of Valley, may
be deemed affiliates of Valley as that term (affiliates) is used for purposes
of qualifying for pooling-of-interests accounting treatment.   (b)
Merchants shall cause each director of Merchants to, and Merchants shall use
its best efforts to cause each executive officer of Merchants and each other
person who may be deemed an affiliate of Merchants (under either Rule 145 of
the 1933 Act or the accounting treatment rules) to, execute and deliver to
Valley within 14 days after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, a
letter substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.18 hereto agreeing to be bound
by the restrictions of Rule 145 and agreeing to be bound by the rules which
permit the Merger to be treated as a pooling of interests for accounting
purposes. In addition, Valley shall cause each director and executive officer
of Valley to, and Valley shall use its best efforts to cause each
other person who may be deemed an affiliate of Valley (as that term is used
for purposes of qualifying for pooling of interests) to, execute and deliver
to Valley within 14 days after the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
a letter substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.18.1 hereto in which such
persons agree to be bound by the rules which permit the Merger to be treated
as a pooling of interests for accounting treatment.   5.19. Bank Policies
and Bank Mergers. Notwithstanding that Merchants believes that it has
established all reserves and taken all provisions for possible loan losses
required by GAAP and applicable laws, rules and regulations, Merchants
recognizes that Valley may have adopted different loan, accrual and reserve
policies (including loan classifications and levels of reserves for possible
loan losses). From and after the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time
and in order to formulate the plan of integration for the Bank Mergers,
Merchants and Valley shall consult and cooperate with each other with respect
to (i) conforming to the extent appropriate, based upon such consultation,
Merchants\' loan, accrual and reserve policies and Merchants\' other policies
and procedures regarding applicable regulatory matters, including without
limitation Federal Reserve, the Bank Secrecy Act and FDIC matters, to those
policies of Valley as Valley may reasonably identify to Merchants from time
to time, (ii) new extensions of credit by the Bank where the
aggregate exposure exceeds $5,000,000, and (iii) conforming, based upon such
consultation, the composition of the investment portfolio and overall
asset/liability management position of Merchants and the Bank to the extent
appropriate; provided that any required change in Merchants\' practices in
connection with the matters described in clause (i) or (iii) above need not
be effected (A) more than five days prior to the Effective Time and (B)
unless and until all necessary regulatory, governmental and shareholder
approvals and consents have been received, all statutory waiting periods in
respect thereof have expired, Valley agrees in writing that all conditions
precedent to the Closing have occurred (other than the delivery of
certificates, opinions and other instruments and documents to be delivered at
the Closing), and Valley has provided the Closing Notice. No accrual or
reserve made by Merchants or any Merchants Subsidiary pursuant to this
subsection, or any litigation or regulatory proceeding arising out of any
such accrual or reserve, shall constitute or be deemed to be a breach or
violation of any representation, warranty, covenant, condition or other
provision of this Agreement or to constitute a termination event within the
meaning of Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(f) hereof.   5.20. New Valley
Directors. As of the Effective Time, Valley shall cause its Board of
Directors and the VNB Board of Directors to take action to appoint Spencer B.
Witty, Robinson Markel and Charles Baum to the Board of Directors of Valley
and Spencer B. Witty to the Board of Directors of VNB, respectively, at the
Effective Time.   ARTICLE VI   CLOSING CONDITIONS   6.1. Conditions of
Each Party\'s Obligations Under this Agreement. The respective obligations of
each party under this Agreement to consummate the Merger shall be subject to
the satisfaction or, where permissible under applicable law, waiver at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:   (a) Approval of
Stockholders; SEC Registration. This Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been approved by the requisite vote of the
stockholders of Merchants and the stockholders of Valley. The Registration
Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC and shall not be
subject to a stop order or any threatened stop order, and the issuance of the
Valley Common Stock shall have been qualified in every state where such
qualification is required under the applicable state securities laws. The
Valley Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger,
including Valley Common Stock to be issued for the Merchants Options, shall
have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange.   (b)
Regulatory Filings. All necessary regulatory or governmental approvals and
consents (including without limitation any required approval of the OCC and
any approval or waiver required by the FRB) required to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained without any term or
condition which would materially impair the value of Merchants and the Bank,
taken as a whole, to Valley. All conditions required to be satisfied prior to
the Effective Time by the terms of such approvals and consents shall have
been satisfied; and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof
shall have expired. Both VNB and the Bank shall have taken all necessary
action to consummate the Bank Merger immediately after the Effective
Time.   (c) Suits and Proceedings. No order, judgment or decree shall be
outstanding against a party hereto or a third party that would have
the effect of preventing completion of the Merger or the Bank Merger; no
suit, action or other proceeding shall be pending or threatened by any
governmental body in which it is sought to restrain or prohibit the Merger or
the Bank Merger; and no suit, action or other proceeding shall be pending
before any court or governmental agency in which it is sought to restrain or
prohibit the Merger or the Bank Merger or obtain other substantial monetary
or other relief against one or more parties hereto in connection with this
Agreement and which Valley or Merchants determines in good faith, based upon
the advice of their respective counsel, makes it inadvisable to proceed with
the Merger because any such suit, action or proceeding has a significant
potential to be resolved in such a way as to deprive the party electing not
to proceed of any of the material benefits to it of the Merger or the Bank
Merger.   (d) Tax Free Exchange. Valley and Merchants shall have received
an opinion, satisfactory to Valley and Merchants, of Pitney, Hardin, Kipp and
Szuch LLP, counsel for Valley, to the effect that the
transactions contemplated hereby will result in a reorganization (as defined
in Section 368(a) of the Code), and accordingly no gain or loss will be
recognized for federal income tax purposes to Valley, Merchants, VNB or the
Bank or to the stockholders of Merchants who exchange their shares of
Merchants for Valley Common Stock (except to the extent that cash is received
in lieu of fractional shares of Valley Common Stock).   (e) Pooling of
Interests. The Merger shall be qualified to be treated by Valley as a
pooling-of-interests for accounting purposes and Valley shall have received a
letter from KPMG LLP to the effect that based upon a review of this Agreement
and the facts and circumstances known to it, the Merger shall be qualified to
be treated by Valley as a pooling-of-interests for accounting purposes.  
6.2. Conditions to the Obligations of Valley Under this Agreement. The
obligations of Valley under this Agreement shall be further subject to the
satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following
conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties; Performance of
Obligations of Merchants and Bank. The representations and warranties of
Merchants contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
material respects on the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing
Date. Merchants shall have performed in all material respects the agreements,
covenants and obligations necessary to be performed by it prior to the
Closing Date. With respect to any representation or warranty which as of the
Closing Date has been the subject of a supplement or amendment to the
Merchants Disclosure Schedule, that representation or warranty shall be
deemed modified by the disclosure contained in such supplement or amendment
only under the circumstances set forth in Section 5.11.   (b) Consents.
Valley shall have received the written consents of any person whose consent
to the transactions contemplated hereby is required under the applicable
instrument.   (c) Opinion of Counsel. Valley shall have received an
opinion of counsel to Merchants, dated the date of the Closing, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Valley, covering the matters set forth
on Schedule 6.2 hereto and any other matters reasonably requested by
Valley.   (d) Fairness Opinion. Valley shall have received from
Sandler O\'Neill and Partners, L.P. an updated opinion as of the date of the
Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus with respect to the fairness from a
financial point of view of the Exchange Ratio to the stockholders of Valley
in the Merger.   (e) Non-Competition Agreements. All of the directors
or officers of Merchants identified in Section 5.15(a) as having executed
the Non-Competition Agreements shall continue to be employed by Merchants
(unless their employment was terminated due to death or disability) and none
of them shall have notified either Merchants or Valley of his intention to
voluntarily terminate his employment with Valley following the Closing.  
(f) Certificates. Merchants shall have furnished Valley with such
certificates of its officers or other documents to evidence fulfillment
of the conditions set forth in this Section 6.2 as Valley may reasonably
request.   6.3. Conditions to the Obligations of Merchants Under
this Agreement. The obligations of Merchants under this Agreement shall be
further subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or prior to the Effective
Time, of the following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties;
Performance of Obligations of Valley. The representations and warranties of
Valley contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects on the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date.
Valley shall have performed in all material respects, the agreements,
covenants and obligations to be performed by it prior to the Closing Date.
With respect to any representation or warranty which as of the Closing Date
has been the subject of a supplement or amendment to the Valley Disclosure
Schedule, that representation or warranty shall be deemed modified by the
disclosure contained in such supplement or amendment only under the
circumstances set forth in Section 5.11.   (b) Opinion of Counsel to Valley.
Merchants shall have received an opinion of counsel to Valley, dated the date
of the Closing, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Merchants,
covering the matters set forth on Schedule 6.3 hereto and any other matter
reasonably requested by Merchants.   (c) Fairness Opinion. Merchants shall
have received an updated opinion from CIBC World Markets Corp., as of the
date of the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus with respect to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Ratio to the shareholders of
Merchants in the Merger.   (d) Certificates. Valley shall have furnished
Merchants with such certificates of its officers or others and such other
documents to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in this Section
6.3 as Merchants may reasonably request.    ARTICLE VII   TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   7.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of this
Agreement by the stockholders of Merchants, based upon any of the
following:   (a) By mutual written consent of the parties hereto.   (b) By
Valley or Merchants (i) if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or
prior to the Cutoff Date or (ii) if a vote of the stockholders of Merchants
or Valley is taken and the stockholders of either company fail to approve
this Agreement at the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) held for such
purpose, unless in each case the failure of such occurrence shall be due to
the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or
observe its agreements set forth herein to be performed or observed by such
party (or, in the case of Merchants, to be performed or observed by the
directors of Merchants) at or before the Effective Time.   (c) By Valley or
Merchants upon written notice to the other if any application for regulatory
or governmental approval necessary to consummate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been denied or withdrawn at the
request or recommendation of the applicable regulatory agency or governmental
authority or by Valley upon written notice to Merchants if any such
application is approved with conditions which materially impair the value of
Merchants and the Bank, taken as a whole, to Valley.   (d) By Valley if (i)
there shall have occurred a material adverse change in the business,
operations, assets, or financial condition of Merchants or the Bank, taken as
a whole, from that disclosed by Merchants on the date of this Agreement; or
(ii) there was a material breach in any representation, warranty, covenant,
agreement or obligation of Merchants hereunder.   (e) By Merchants, if (i)
there shall have occurred a material adverse change in the business,
operations, assets or financial condition of Valley or VNB from that
disclosed by Valley on the date of this Agreement; or (ii) there was a
material breach in any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or
obligation of Valley hereunder.   (f) By Valley or Merchants if any
condition to Closing specified under Article VI hereof applicable to such
party cannot reasonably be met on or before the Cutoff Date after giving the
other party a reasonable opportunity to cure any such condition.   7.2.
Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination and abandonment of
this Agreement by either Valley or Merchants pursuant to Section 7.1, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any
liability on the part of any party or its officers, directors
or stockholders, except that Sections 5.5(b) and 8.1 hereof shall have
continuing effect as set forth therein. Nothing contained herein, however,
shall relieve any party from any liability for any willful breach of this
Agreement.   7.3. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by mutual
action taken by the parties hereto at any time before or after adoption of
this Agreement by the stockholders of Merchants but, after any such adoption,
no amendment shall be made which reduces or changes the amount or form of
the consideration to be delivered to the stockholders of Merchants without
the approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except
by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of Valley and Merchants.  
7.4. Extension; Waiver. The parties may, at any time prior to the Effective
Time of the Merger, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto; (ii) waive
any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in
any document delivered pursuant thereto; or (iii) waive compliance with any
of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part
of any party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party against which the
waiver is sought to be enforced.   ARTICLE VIII   MISCELLANEOUS   8.1.
Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby (including legal, accounting and
investment banking fees and expenses) shall be borne by the party incurring
such costs and expenses, except that the cost of printing and mailing the
Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus shall be borne equally by the parties hereto
if the transaction is terminated.   8.2. Notices. All notices or other
communications which are required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and sufficient if delivered personally or sent by telecopier with confirming
copy sent the same day by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, as
follows:   (a) If to Valley, to:   Valley National Bancorp  1455 Valley
Road  Wayne, New Jersey 07470  Attn.: Gerald H. Lipkin  Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer  Telecopier No. (973) 305-0024   Copy to:   Pitney,
Hardin, Kipp and Szuch LLP  Attn.: Ronald H. Janis, Esq.  Delivery: 
--------  200 Campus Drive  Florham Park, New Jersey 07932  Mail:  ---- 
P.O. Box 1945  Morristown, New Jersey 07962-1945  Telecopier No. (973)
966-1550   (b) If to Merchants, to:   Merchants New York Bancorp, Inc. 
275 Madison Avenue  New York, New York 10022  Attn.: William J. Cardew, 
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer  Telecopier No. (212) 973-6663  
Copy to:   Rosenman and Colin LLP  Attn.: Robinson Markel, Esq.  575 Madison
Avenue  New York, New York 10022-2585  Telecopier No. (212) 940-8776  or
such other addresses as shall be furnished in writing by any party, and
any such notice or communications shall be deemed to have been given as of
the date so delivered or telecopied and mailed.   8.3. Parties in Interest.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of
Valley, Merchants, the Bank and VNB, and their respective successors. Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to confer, expressly or by implication, upon
any other person any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement,
except for the rights conferred upon indemnitees pursuant to Section 5.14
hereof.   8.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Disclosure Schedules
hereto and the other documents, agreements and instruments executed and
delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, contains
the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and supersedes all prior
negotiations, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, with respect
thereto. If any provision of this Agreement is found invalid, it shall be
considered deleted and shall not invalidate the remaining provisions.  
8.5. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
each of which shall be deemed an original.   8.6. Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without
giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof.   8.7.
Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction
of any provision of this Agreement.   8.8. Survival. All representations,
warranties and, except to the extent specifically provided otherwise herein,
agreements and covenants, other than those agreements and covenants set forth
in Sections 5.14 and Section 5.16 which shall survive the Merger, shall
terminate as of the Effective Time.   8.9. Knowledge. Representations made
herein which are qualified by the phrase to the knowledge of Merchants, to
the best of Merchants\' knowledge or similar phrases refer as of the date
hereof to the best knowledge of the Chairman of the Board, the President and
Chief Executive Officer, the Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, and
the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Merchants and thereafter refer to
the best knowledge of any senior officer of Merchants or any Merchants
subsidiary. Representations made herein which are qualified by the phrase to
the knowledge of Valley, to the best of Valley\'s knowledge or similar
phrases refer as of the date hereof to the best knowledge of the President
and Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice President/Legal and the Chief
Financial Officer of Valley and thereafter refer to the best knowledge of any
senior officer of Valley or any Valley subsidiary.     [The remainder of
this page is intentionally left blank.]   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Valley, VNB,
the Bank and Merchants have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above
written.  ATTEST: VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP  ALAN D. ESKOW GERALD H.
LIPKIN ------------------------------------
By:----------------------------- Alan D. Eskow, Senior Vice President Gerald
H. Lipkin  Chairman, President and  Chief Executive Officer    ATTEST:
MERCHANTS NEW YORK BANCORP, INC.  ERIC W. GOULD SPENCER B.
WITTY ------------------------------------
By:----------------------------- Eric W. Gould, Senior Vice President Spencer
B. Witty  Chairman of the Board  and  JAMES G. LAWRENCE 
By:-----------------------------  James G. Lawrence  President and Chief 
Executive Officer   ATTEST: VALLEY NATIONAL BANK  ALAN D. ESKOW GERALD H.
LIPKIN ------------------------------------
By:----------------------------- Alan D. Eskow, Senior Vice President Gerald
H. Lipkin, Chairman,  President and Chief  Executive Officer  ATTEST: THE
MERCHANTS BANK OF NEW YORK   ERIC W. GOULD SPENCER B.
WITTY ------------------------------------
By:----------------------------- Eric W. Gould, Senior Vice President Spencer
B. Witty  Chairman of the Board  and  JAMES G. LAWRENCE 
By:-----------------------------  James G. Lawrence  President and Chief 
Executive Officer        CERTIFICATE OF THE DIRECTORS OF  MERCHANTS
NEW YORK BANCORP, INC. AND  THE MERCHANTS BANK OF NEW YORK   Reference is
made to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 5, 2000 (the
"Agreement"), among Valley National Bancorp, Valley National Bank, Merchants
New York Bancorp, Inc. and The Merchants Bank of New York. Capitalized terms
used herein have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.   Each of the
following persons, being all of the directors of Merchants and the Bank,
intends to vote or cause to be voted, at a special meeting of stockholders
called to adopt the Agreement, all shares of Merchants Common Stock which are
held by such person, or over which such person exercises sole voting power,
or over which such person shares voting power exclusively with other
individuals who are signing this certificate, in favor of adoption of the
Agreement.  ALAN MIRKEN CHARLES J. BAUM ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  MITCHELL J. NELSON JAMES G.
LAWRENCE ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  ERIC W. GOULD PAUL
MEYROWITZ ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  ROBINSON MARKEL WILLIAM J.
CARDEW ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  MARCIA TOLEDAN RUDOLF H.
HERTZ ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  SPENCER B. WITTY LEONARD
SCHLUSSEL ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------  CHARLES I.
SILBERMAN ---------------------------------
-----------------------------------         EXHIBIT A   AGREEMENT TO
MERGE BETWEEN  VALLEY NATIONAL BANK  AND  THE MERCHANTS BANK OF NEW YORK 
UNDER THE CHARTER OF VALLEY NATIONAL BANK,  UNDER THE TITLE OF VALLEY
NATIONAL BANK    THIS AGREEMENT made between Valley National Bank
(hereinafter referred to as "VNB"), a national banking association organized
under the laws of the United States, being located at 615 Main Street,
Passaic, New Jersey, with a capital of $17,960,310 divided into 3,592,062
shares of common stock, each of $5.00 par value, $83,738,452 of surplus, and
undivided profits of $371,396,236, as of June 30, 2000, and The Merchants
Bank of New York (hereinafter referred to as "TMB"), a state-chartered
commercial bank organized under the laws of New York, being located at
_________________________________, County of ________, in the State of New
York, with a capital of $____________, divided into ________ shares of common
stock, each of $______ par value, surplus of $___________, and undivided
profits of $_________, as of September 30, ____, each acting pursuant to a
resolution of its board of directors, adopted by the vote of a majority of
its directors, pursuant to the authority given by and in accordance with the
provisions of the Act of November 7, 1918, as amended (12 U.S.C. Section
215(a)), and the New York Banking Law, as amended, witnesseth as follows:  
Section 1. TMB shall be merged into VNB under the charter of VNB.   Section
2. The name of the receiving association (hereinafter referred to as the
"Association") shall be Valley National Bank.   Section 3. The business of
the Association shall be that of a national banking Association. This
business shall be conducted by the Association at its main office which shall
be located at 615 Main Street, Passaic, New Jersey, and at its legally
established branches.   Section 4. The amount of capital stock of the
Association shall be $______________, divided into ____________ shares of
common stock, each of $5.00 par value, and at the time the merger shall
become effective, the Association shall have a surplus of $____________, and
undivided profits, including capital reserves, which when combined with the
capital and surplus will be equal to the combined capital structures of the
merging banks as stated in the preamble of this Agreement, adjusted however,
for normal earnings and expenses between September 30, ____, and the
effective time of the merger.   Section 5. All assets of each of the merging
banks, as they exist at the effective time of the merger, shall pass to and
vest in the Association without any conveyance or other transfer. The
Association shall be responsible for all of the liabilities of every kind and
description, including liabilities arising from the operation of their
respective trust Departments, of each of the merging banks existing as of the
effective time of the merger.   Section 6. TMB shall contribute to the
Association its capital set forth in the preamble, adjusted, however, for
normal earnings, expenses and dividends between June 30, 2000, and the
effective time of the merger.   VNB shall have on hand at the effective time
of the merger its capital as set forth in the preamble, adjusted, however,
for normal earnings, expenses and dividends between June 30, 2000 and the
effective date of the merger.   Section 7. The stockholder of VNB shall
retain its rights in the capital stock presently outstanding, which shall
immediately and automatically become ____________ shares of common stock of
the Association, each with $5.00 par value, and the stockholder of TMB in
exchange for the excess acceptable assets contributed by its bank to the
Association shall be entitled to receive ___________ shares of common stock
of the Association, each with $5.00 par value.   Section 8. Neither of the
banks shall declare nor pay any dividend to its stockholder between the date
of this Agreement and the time at which the merger shall become effective,
nor dispose of any of its assets in any other manner except in the ordinary
course of business consistent with prudent banking practice. Provided,
however, that VNB shall be entitled to pay dividends to its parent without
restriction and TMB may pay dividends to its parent, consistent with past
practice, so long as the payment of such dividends shall thereby not cause a
breach of any representation, covenant, agreement or condition to which the
Bank is subject under the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September
5, 2000 among Valley National Bancorp, Merchants New York Bancorp, Inc., VNB
and TMB (the "Merger Agreement").   Section 9. The present board of
directors of VNB (with the addition of _____________) shall serve as the
board of directors of the Association until the next annual meeting or until
such time as their successors have been elected and have qualified.  
Section 10. Effective as of the time this merger shall become effective as
specified in the merger approval to be issued by the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"), the articles of association of
the resulting bank shall read in their entirety as set forth in Schedule 1
annexed hereto.   Section 11. This Agreement shall be terminated
automatically if the Merger Agreement is terminated as provided in the Merger
Agreement.   Section 12. This Agreement shall be ratified and confirmed
by the affirmative vote of the stockholders of each of the merging banks
owning at least two-thirds of its capital stock outstanding, at a meeting to
be held on the call of the directors; and the merger shall become effective
at the time specified in the merger approval to be issued by the OCC.  
Section 13. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants of the
parties hereto shall terminate as of the effective time of the merger, other
than Section 5 hereof which shall survive the effective time of the
merger.   Section 14. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, and each counterpart shall constitute an original
instrument, but all such separate counterparts shall constitute only one and
the same instrument.   Section 15. Except as governed by federal law, the
validity, construction and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed
in all respects by the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to its
conflicts of laws or rules.   WITNESS, the signatures and seals of the
merging banks this _____ day of ___________, 2000, each set by its chairman,
president or a vice president and attested to by its cashier or secretary,
pursuant to a resolution of its board of directors, acting by a
majority.  ATTEST: VALLEY NATIONAL
BANK   -------------------------------------
By:---------------------------- Alan D. Eskow, Controller Gerald H. Lipkin,
Chairman,  President and Chief  Executive Officer    ATTEST: THE
MERCHANTS BANK OF NEW YORK    -----------------------------------
By:---------------------------- ____________, Senior Vice President Spencer
B. Witty  Chairman of the Board  and   By:---------------------------- 
James G. Lawrence  President and Chief  Executive Officer       STATE
OF NEW JERSEY )  : ss. COUNTY OF ________________)    On this _____ day
of _____________, ____, before me, a Notary Public for this state and county,
personally came Gerald H. Lipkin, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
and Alan D. Eskow, as Controller of Valley National Bank, and each of his
capacity acknowledged this instrument to the act and deed of the association
and the seal affixed to it to be its seal.    WITNESS my official seal and
signature this day and year.    ---------------------------- (Seal of
Notary)   STATE OF NEW YORK )  :ss. COUNTY OF ________________)    On
this _____ day of ____________, ____, before me, a Notary Public for this
state and county, personally came __________________, as Chairman of the
Board, __________________, as President and Chief Executive Officer, and
_____________________, as Secretary of The Merchants Bank of New York, and
each of his/her capacity acknowledged this instrument to the act and deed of
the corporation and the seal affixed to it to be its seal.   WITNESS my
official seal and signature this day and year.  
----------------------------  (Seal of Notary)       Schedule 1  
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  OF  VALLEY NATIONAL BANK 1    NAME   FIRST.
The title of the Association shall be "Valley National Bank".   MAIN
OFFICE   SECOND. The main office of the Association shall be in the City of
Passaic, County of Passaic, State of New Jersey. The general business of the
Association shall be conducted at its main office and its branches.  
DIRECTORS   THIRD. The Board of Directors of this Association shall consist
of not less than five nor more than twenty-five directors the exact number to
be fixed and determined from time to time by resolution of a majority of the
full Board of Directors or by resolution of the shareholders at any annual or
special meeting thereof. Each director shall own $1,000 equity interest in
this Association or in a company which has control of the Association. The
amount of the equity interest shall meet this requirement if it conforms to
the requirements of 12 U.S.C. 72, as amended on March 31, 1980, or as amended
from time to time thereafter. Any vacancy in the Board of Directors may be
filled by action of the Board of Directors.   ANNUAL MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS   FOURTH. There shall be an annual meeting of the
stockholders, the purpose of which shall be the election of Directors and the
transaction of whatever other business may be brought before the meeting. The
meeting shall be held at the main office of the Association or any other
convenient place as the Board of Directors may designate, on the date of each
year specified therefor in the By-laws, but if no election is held on that
day, it may be held on any subsequent day according to such lawful rules as
may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.   Nominations for election to
the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors or by any
stockholder of any outstanding class of capital stock of the Association
entitled to vote for election of directors. Nominations other than those made
by or on behalf of the existing management of the Association, shall be made
in writing and shall be delivered or mailed to the President of the
Association and to the Comptroller of the Currency, Washington, D.C., not
less than 14 days nor more than 50 days prior to any meeting of stockholders
called for the election of directors; provided, however, that if less than 21
days\' notice of the meeting is given to shareholders, such nominations shall
be mailed or delivered to the President of the Association and to the
Comptroller of the Currency not later than the close of business on
the seventh day following the day on which the notice of meeting was mailed.
Such notification shall contain the following information to the extent known
to the notifying shareholder: (a) the name and address of each proposed
nominee; (b) the principal occupation of each proposed nominee; (c) the total
number of shares of capital stock of the Association that will be voted for
each proposed nominee; (d) the name and residence address of the notifying
shareholder; and (e) the number of shares of capital stock of the Association
owned by the notifying shareholder. Nominations not made in accordance
herewith may be disregarded by the Chairman of the meeting, in his
discretion, and upon his instructions the vote tellers may disregard all
votes cast for each such nominee.   CAPITAL   FIFTH. The authorized
amount of capital stock of this Association shall be [___________] shares of
common stock of the par value of five dollars ($5.00) each; but said capital
stock may be increased or decreased from time to time, in accordance with the
provisions of the laws of the United States.   1 As will be in effect
after the merger    No holder of shares of the capital stock of any class
of the Association shall have any pre-emptive or preferential right of
subscription to (i) any shares of any class of stock of the Association,
whether now or hereafter authorized, or (ii) to any obligations convertible
into stock of the Association, or (iii) to any right of subscription to any
of the foregoing; except any of the foregoing rights which the Board of
Directors, in its sole discretion may from time to time determine and at such
price as the Board of Directors may from time to time fix.   The
Association, at any time and from time to time, may authorize and issue debt
obligations, whether or not subordinated, without the approval of the
stockholders.   OFFICERS   SIXTH. The Board of Directors shall appoint one
of its members President of this Association, who shall be Chairman of the
Board, unless the Board appoints another director to be the Chairman. The
Board of Directors shall have the power to appoint one or more Vice
Presidents; and to appoint a Cashier and such other officers and employees as
may be required to transact the business of this Association.   The Board
of Directors shall have the power to define the duties of the officers and
employees of the Association; to fix the salaries to be paid to them; to
dismiss them; to require bonds from them and to fix the penalty thereof; to
regulate the manner in which any increase of the capital of the Association
shall be made; to manage and administer the business and affairs of the
Association; to make all By-Laws that it may be lawful for them to make; and
generally to do and perform all acts that it may be legal for a Board
of Directors to do and perform.   CHANGE OF MAIN OFFICE; BRANCHES  
SEVENTH. The Board of Directors shall have the power, without shareholder
approval, to change the location of the main office to any other authorized
branch location within the limits of the City of Passaic and to establish or
change the location of any branch or branches of the Association. Any change
in the location of the main office to another authorized branch location
within the City of Passaic shall be effected upon written notice to
the Comptroller of the Currency. Any change in the location of the Main
Office, except to an authorized branch location within the City of Passaic,
shall require both the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency and the
approval of stockholders owning two-thirds of the stock of the Association
and any such change shall be to a place not more than 30 miles from the city
limits of the City of Passaic.   EXISTENCE   EIGHTH. The corporate
existence of this Association shall continue until terminated in accordance
with the laws of the United States.   SPECIAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS;
NOTICE OF MEETINGS   NINTH. The Board of Directors of this Association, or
any one or more shareholders owning, in the aggregate, not less than ten
percent of the stock of this Association, may call a special meeting of
shareholders at any time. Unless otherwise provided by the laws of the United
States, a notice of the time, place, and purpose of every annual and special
meeting of the shareholders shall be given by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, mailed at least ten days prior to the date of such meeting to each
shareholder of record at his address as shown upon the books of this
Association.   INDEMNIFICATION   TENTH. Any person, his heirs, executors
or administrators, may be indemnified or reimbursed by the Association for
liability and reasonable expenses, including amounts paid in settlement or in
satisfaction of judgments or as fines and/or penalties, actually incurred in
connection with any action, suit or proceeding, civil or criminal, to which
he or they shall be involved or threatened to be involved, as a party, or
otherwise, by reason of his being or having been a director, officer, or
employee of the Association or of any firm, corporation or organization which
he served in any such capacity at the request of the Association. Provided,
however, that no person shall be so indemnified or reimbursed in relation to
any matter in such action, suit or proceeding as to which he shall finally be
adjudged to have been guilty of or liable for gross negligence, willful
misconduct or criminal acts in the performance of his duties to the
Association; and, provided further, that no person shall be so indemnified or
reimbursed in relation to any matter in such action, suit, or proceeding
which has been made the subject of a compromise settlement except with: (i)
the approval of a court of competent jurisdiction or; (ii) the holders of
record of a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Association;
or (iii) the Board of Directors acting by vote of directors not parties to
the same or substantially the same action, suit, or proceeding, constituting
a majority of the whole number of directors. The foregoing right of
indemnification or reimbursement shall not be exclusive of other rights to
which such persons, his heirs, executors or administrators, may be entitled
as a matter of law.   The Association may, upon the affirmative vote of a
majority of its Board of Directors, purchase insurance for the purpose of
indemnifying its directors, officers and other employees to the extent that
such indemnifications are allowed in the preceding paragraph. Such insurance
may, but need not, be for the benefit of all directors, officers or
employees.   AMENDMENTS   ELEVENTH. These Articles of Association may be
amended at any regular or special meeting of the shareholders by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of this
Association, unless the vote of the holders of a greater amount of stock is
required by law, and in that case by the vote of the holders of such greater
amount.        EXHIBIT 5.18   MERCHANTS AFFILIATE LETTER  
__________, 2000  Valley National Bancorp 1455 Valley Road Wayne, New
Jersey 07470  Gentlemen:   I am delivering this letter to you in
connection with the proposed merger (the "Merger") of Merchants New York
Bancorp, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the "Company") with and into Valley
National Bancorp, a New Jersey corporation ("Valley"), pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 5, 2000 (the "Agreement")
among the Company, Valley, The Merchants Bank of New York and Valley National
Bank. I currently own shares of the Company\'s common stock, par value $.001
per share ("Merchants Common Stock"). As a result of the Merger, I will
receive shares of Valley\'s common stock, no par value ("Valley Common
Stock") in exchange for my Merchants Common Stock. In addition, to the extent
I own options to acquire Merchants Common Stock, those options will be
converted in the Merger into options to acquire Valley Common Stock.   I
have been advised that as of the date of this letter I may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of the Company, as the term "affiliate" is defined for purposes
of paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 of the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act") by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") and as the
term "affiliate" is used for purposes of the Commission\'s rules and
regulations applicable to the determination of whether a merger can be
accounted for as a "pooling of interests" as specified in the Commission\'s
Accounting Series Release 135, as amended by Staff Accounting Bulletins Nos.
65 and 76 ("ASR 135").   I represent to and covenant with Valley that:  
A. Transfer Restrictions Prior to Merger Consummation. During the period
beginning on the date hereof and ending 30 days prior to the consummation of
the Merger, I shall not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of ("transfer")
any Merchants Common Stock owned by me, and I shall not permit any relative
who shares my home, or any person or entity whom or which I control, from
transferring any Merchants Common Stock owned by such person or
entity, without notifying Valley in advance of the proposed transfer and
giving Valley a reasonable opportunity to object to the transfer before it is
consummated. Valley, upon advice of its independent public accountants, may
instruct me not to make or permit the transfer because it may interfere with
the "pooling of interests" treatment of the Merger. I shall abide by any such
instructions.   B. Post-Consummation Transfer Restrictions. During the
period beginning 30 days prior to the consummation of the Merger and ending
immediately after financial results covering at least 30 days of post-Merger
combined operations have been published by Valley by means of the filing of a
Form 10-Q or Form 8-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the issuance of a quarterly earnings report, or any other public issuance
which satisfies the requirements of ASR 135, I shall not transfer any
Merchants Common Stock owned by me, and I shall not permit any relative who
shares my home, or any person or entity whom or which I control, to transfer
any Merchants Common Stock owned by such person or entity. For purposes of
this paragraph, "Merchants Common Stock" includes the Valley Common Stock
into which the Merchants Common Stock or Options is converted.   C. Need
for Registration or Exemption in Connection with Transfers. I have been
advised that the issuance of Valley Common Stock to me pursuant to the Merger
will be registered with the Commission under the Act on a Registration
Statement on Form S-4. However, I have also been advised that, since I may be
deemed to be an affiliate of the Company at the time the Merger is submitted
for a vote of the Company\'s stockholders, any transfer by me of Valley
Common Stock received by me in the Merger is restricted under Rule
145 promulgated by the Commission under the Act. I may not transfer Valley
Common Stock received by me or by any relative who shares my home or by any
person or entity whom or which I control, unless (i) such transfer is
registered under the Act, (ii) such transfer is made in conformity with the
volume and other limitations of Rule 145 promulgated by the Commission under
the Act, or (iii) in the opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to Valley,
such transfer is otherwise exempt from registration under the Act.   D.
Stop Transfer Instructions; Legend on Certificates. I also understand that
stop transfer instructions will be given to Valley\'s transfer agents with
respect to the Valley Common Stock and that there will be placed on the
certificates of the Valley Common Stock issued to me or to any relative
who shares my home or to any person or entity whom or which I control, or
any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:   Such legend
and the stock transfer restrictions shall be removed as soon as permissible
under Rule 145.   "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED IN
A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933 APPLIES. THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY ONLY BE
TRANSFERRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF AN AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 5,
2000 BETWEEN THE REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF AND Valley National Bancorp, A COPY
OF WHICH AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF Valley National
Bancorp."   E. Consultation with Counsel. I have carefully read this letter
and the Agreement and discussed the requirements of such documents and other
applicable limitations upon my ability to transfer Valley Common Stock to the
extent I felt necessary with my counsel or counsel for the Company.   [The
following paragraph will be included in letters from persons beneficially
owning more than 1,000,000 shares of Merchants Common Stock:]   By
countersigning this letter, Valley covenants that it will provide me with
"piggyback registration rights" with respect to any secondary offering for
the account of a person or persons other than Valley, which offering is
registered by Valley by filing a Form S-3 or its equivalent during the one-
year period following closing of the Merger. These registration rights shall
be on customary terms and conditions, including terms and conditions
with respect to indemnification and payment of expenses.   Execution of
this letter is not an admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of the
Company as described in the second paragraph of this letter, or a waiver of
any rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate on
or after the date of this letter. This letter shall terminate concurrently
with any termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms.   Very
truly yours,    Name: (Sign)  (Print) Accepted this ____ day
of _______________, ________ by  VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP  By: ________ 
--------------------------------  Name:  Title:         EXHIBIT
5.18.1  VALLEY AFFILIATE LETTER   _______, 2000  Valley National
Bancorp 1455 Valley Road Wayne, New Jersey 07470  Gentlemen:   I am
delivering this letter to you in connection with the proposed merger (the
"Merger") of Merchants New York Bancorp, Inc., a New Jersey corporation
("Merchants") with and into Valley National Bancorp, a New Jersey corporation
("Valley"), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as
of September 5, 2000 (the "Agreement") among Valley, Merchants, Valley
National Bank and The Merchants Bank of New York. I currently own shares of
Valley\'s common stock, no par value ("Valley Common Stock").   I have been
advised that as of the date of this letter I may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of Valley, as the term "affiliate" is used for purposes of the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"Commission") applicable to the determination of whether a merger can
be accounted for as a "pooling of interests" as specified in the
Commission\'s Accounting Series Release 135, as amended by Staff Accounting
Bulletins Nos. 65 and 76 ("ASR 135").   I represent to and covenant with
Valley and Merchants that:   A. Transfer Restrictions Prior to Merger
Consummation. During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending 30
days prior to the consummation of the Merger, I shall not sell, transfer or
otherwise dispose of ("transfer") any Valley Common Stock owned by me, and I
shall not permit any relative who shares my home, or any person or entity
whom or which I control, from transferring any Valley Common Stock owned by
such person or entity, without notifying Valley in advance of the proposed
transfer and giving Valley a reasonable opportunity to object to the transfer
before it is consummated. Valley, upon advice of its independent public
accountants, may instruct me not to make or permit the transfer because it
may interfere with the "pooling of interests" treatment of the Merger. I
shall abide by any such instructions.   B. Post-Consummation Transfer
Restrictions. During the period beginning 30 days prior to the consummation
of the Merger and ending immediately after financial results covering at
least 30 days of post-Merger combined operations have been published by
Valley by means of filing of a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the issuance of a quarterly earnings report, or any
other public issuance which satisfies the requirements of ASR 135, I shall
not transfer any Valley Common Stock owned by me, and I shall not permit any
relative who shares my home, or any person or entity whom or which I control,
to transfer any Valley Common Stock owned by such person or entity.   C.
Consultation with Counsel. I have carefully read this letter and the
Agreement and discussed the requirements of such documents and other
applicable limitations upon my ability to transfer Valley Common Stock to the
extent I felt necessary with my counsel or counsel for Valley.   Execution
of this letter is not an admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of
Valley as described in the second paragraph of this letter, or a waiver of
any rights I may have to object to any claim that I am such an affiliate on
or after the date of this letter. This letter shall terminate concurrently
with any termination of the Agreement in accordance with its terms.   Very
truly yours,   -----------------------------  Name: (Sign) 
(Print)  Accepted this ___ day of ____________, ____ by  VALLEY NATIONAL
BANCORP  By: ___________________________  Name:  Title:      
SCHEDULE 6.2   FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL TO  MERCHANTS TO BE DELIVERED
TO  VALLEY AT THE EFFECTIVE TIME   (Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings  given them in the Agreement)    (a)
Merchants is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of New Jersey. Merchants has the corporate power and
authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as described in the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus on page __
under the caption _________________. Merchants is registered as a
bank holding company under the BHCA.   (b) Each Subsidiary of Merchants
listed as such in the Merchants Disclosure Schedule is validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. The
Bank is a state-chartered commercial bank under the laws of the State of New
York. The Bank has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as described in the
Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus on page __ under the caption
_________________.   (c) The authorized capital stock of Merchants consists
of _______________ shares of Merchants Common Stock. Except for any
Merchants Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding Merchants
Options granted pursuant to the Merchants Employee Option Plan and the Valley
Stock Option, we have not become aware (through our representation of
Merchants in connection therewith or in the course of our representation of
Merchants in connection with the Agreement, or through Merchants\'
representations to us in the attached certificate) of any outstanding
subscription rights, options, conversion rights, warrants or other agreements
or commitments of any nature whatsoever (either firm or conditional)
obligating Merchants to issue, deliver or sell, cause to be issued, delivered
or sold, or restricting Merchants from selling any additional Merchants
Common Stock or obligating Merchants to grant, extend or enter into any such
agreement or commitment.   (d) The Agreement has been authorized, executed
and delivered by Merchants and the Bank and constitutes the valid and binding
obligations of Merchants and the Bank, respectively, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except that the enforceability of the obligations
of Merchants and the Bank may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent
conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or laws affecting bank
holding companies or institutions the deposits of which are insured by the
FDIC or other laws heretofore or hereafter enacted relating to or affecting
the enforcement of creditors\' rights generally and by principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law). In addition, certain remedial and other provisions of the
Agreement may be limited by implied covenants of good faith, fair dealing,
and commercially reasonable conduct, by judicial discretion, in the instance
of equitable remedies, and by applicable public policies and laws.   (e)
The execution and delivery of the Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby will not (i)
violate any provision of or result in the breach of any provision of the
respective certificates of incorporation or by-laws of Merchants or the Bank;
(ii) conflict with or violate in any material respect, or result in
a material breach or violation of the terms or provisions of, or constitute
a default under, or result in (whether upon or after the giving of notice or
lapse of time or both) any material obligation under, any indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust or loan agreement or any other agreement, instrument,
judgment, order, arbitration award or decree of which we are aware (through
our representation of Merchants in connection therewith or in the course of
our representation of Merchants in connection with the Agreement, or through
Merchants\' representations to us in the attached certificate) and to which
Merchants or the Bank is a party or by which Merchants or the Bank is bound;
or (iii) cause Merchants or the Bank to violate any law, rule or regulation
applicable to Merchants or the Bank: except with respect to (ii) and (iii)
above, such as in the aggregate will not have a material adverse effect on
the ability of Merchants and the Bank to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Agreement.   (f) All actions of the directors and
stockholders of Merchants and of the Bank required by Delaware law, federal
banking law or New York law, or by the respective certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of Merchants or the Bank, to be taken by Merchants
or the Bank to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the
Agreement and consummation of the Merger have been taken.   (g) No
approvals, authorizations, consents or other actions or filings under
Delaware law, federal banking law or New York law ("Approvals") are required
to be obtained by Merchants or the Bank in order to permit the execution and
delivery of the Agreement by Merchants and the Bank and the performance by
Merchants and the Bank of the transactions contemplated thereby without
violation of such laws other than those Approvals which have been obtained or
those Approvals or consents required to be obtained by Valley or VNB, or
Approvals not required or necessary to be obtained on the date hereof
in order to permit such execution, delivery and performance without violation
of such laws.   (h) Except as set forth in the Merchants Disclosure
Schedule or in Merchants\' certificate addressed to us and attached hereto,
and other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of
Merchants or its Subsidiaries, we are not aware of any material action, suit
or proceeding or investigation pending or threatened in writing against or
affecting the business, operations, property or financial condition of
Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries, at law or in equity, in any court or
before any Federal, state, municipal or other governmental Department,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, except those which, if
decided adversely to Merchants or any of its Subsidiaries, would not have a
material adverse effect on Merchants and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
provided, however, we are not counsel to Merchants or its Subsidiaries in any
litigation and with respect to litigation we are relying upon the
representation and warranty of Merchants made in Section 3.7 of the Agreement
with respect to material litigation and on Merchants\' certificate addressed
to us and attached hereto.   * * * * * * *   We are not passing upon and
do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness
of the statements and information contained in the Joint Proxy Statement-
Prospectus and make no representation that we have independently verified the
accuracy, completeness or fairness of such statements and information, but,
without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, based upon our
review of the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus (i) the Joint Proxy Statement-
Prospectus (except for financial statements and other tabular financial
information, and other financial and statistical data and information, as to
which we express no opinion) complies as to form in all material respects
with the 1934 Act and the applicable laws and regulations thereunder, (ii) no
facts have come to our attention that caused us to believe that (except for
financial statements and other tabular financial information, as to which we
do not express any belief) the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus on the date
of the mailing thereof and on the date of the meeting of stockholders of
Merchants at which the Agreement was approved, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact with respect to Merchants or omitted to state a material
fact with respect to Merchants necessary in order to make the statements
therein with respect to Merchants, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.   * * * * * * *   In rendering their
opinion, counsel to Merchants (A) may, to the extent they deem proper and so
specify in their opinion, rely upon the opinion of other counsel as to
matters involving the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the
United States, or may exclude from their opinion the substance included in
the opinions of other counsel given directly to Valley and (B) may rely, as
to matters of fact, on certificates of responsible officers of Merchants, the
Bank, or other Subsidiaries of Valley and public officials; provided copies
of any such opinions or certificates are delivered to Merchants together with
the opinion to be rendered hereunder by counsel to Merchants. Counsel to
Merchants may assume that any agreement is the valid and binding obligation
of any parties to such agreement other than Merchants and the Bank. As to
matters of fact, counsel to Merchants may also rely upon the representations
and warranties made by Merchants to Valley in the Agreement as though such
representations and warranties were made directly to counsel. Counsel to
Merchants may also rely upon the genuineness of signatures and
the authenticity of copies.         SCHEDULE 6.3   FORM OF OPINION
OF COUNSEL TO  VALLEY TO BE DELIVERED TO  MERCHANTS AT THE EFFECTIVE
TIME   (Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the
meanings  given them in the Agreement)    (a) Valley is a corporation
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of New
Jersey. Valley has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of
its properties and assets and to carry on its business as described in the
Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus on page __ under the caption
_________________. Valley is registered as a bank holding company under the
BHCA.   (b) Each Subsidiary of Valley listed as such in the
Valley Disclosure Schedule is validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. VNB is a national banking
association chartered under the laws of the United States. VNB has the
corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as described in the Joint Proxy
Statement-Prospectus on page __ under the caption _________________.   (c)
The authorized capital stock of Valley consists of ___________ shares of
common stock, no par value per share ("Valley Common Stock"). Except for any
Valley Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and
stock appreciation rights granted pursuant to the Valley Option Plan, we have
not become aware (through our representation of Valley in connection
therewith or in the course of our representation of Valley in connection with
the Agreement, or through Valley\'s representations to us in the attached
certificate) of any outstanding subscription rights, options, conversion
rights, warrants or other agreements or commitments of any nature whatsoever
(either firm or conditional) obligating Valley to issue, deliver or sell,
cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or restricting Valley from selling any
additional Valley Common Stock or obligating Valley to grant, extend or enter
into any such agreement or commitment except as may be provided in
any acquisition agreement Valley may enter into after the date of execution
of the Agreement. The Valley Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger in accordance with Article II of the Agreement, when so issued in
accordance therewith, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable, free of preemptive rights and free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances or restrictions created by Valley.   (d) The Agreement
has been authorized, executed and delivered by Valley and VNB and constitutes
the valid and binding obligations of Valley and VNB, respectively,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except that the enforceability of
the obligations of Valley and VNB may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent
conveyance, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or laws affecting
institutions the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC or other laws
heretofore or hereafter enacted relating to or affecting the enforcement of
creditors\' rights generally and by principles of equity (regardless of
whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law). In addition, certain remedial and other provisions of the Agreement may
be limited by implied covenants of good faith, fair dealing, and commercially
reasonable conduct, by judicial discretion, in the instance of equitable
remedies, and by applicable public policies and laws.   (e) The execution
and delivery of the Agreement and the Bank Merger Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby will not (i) violate
any provision of or result in the breach of any provision of the respective
certificates of incorporation or by-laws of Valley or VNB; (ii) conflict with
or violate in any material respect, or result in a material breach or
violation of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or
result in (whether upon or after the giving of notice or lapse of time or
both) any material obligation under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust or loan agreement or any other agreement, instrument, judgment,
order, arbitration award or decree of which we are aware (through our
representation of Valley in connection therewith or in the course of our
representation of Valley in connection with the Agreement, or through
Valley\'s representations to us in the attached certificate) and to which
Valley or VNB is a party or by which Valley or VNB is bound; or (iii) cause
Valley or VNB to violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to Valley or
VNB: except with respect to (ii) and (iii) above, such as in the aggregate
will not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Valley and VNB to
consummate the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.   (f) All
actions of the directors and stockholders of Valley and of VNB required by
federal banking law, New York law or New Jersey law, or by the respective
certificates of incorporation or by-laws of Valley or VNB, to be taken by
Valley or VNB to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the
Agreement and consummation of the Merger have been taken.   (g) Assuming
that there has been due authorization of the Merger by all necessary
corporate and governmental proceedings on the part of Merchants and that
Merchants has taken all action required to be taken by it prior to the
Effective Time, upon the appropriate filing of the Certificates of Merger in
respect of the Merger with the Delaware and New Jersey Secretary of State in
accordance with Section 1.6 of the Agreement, the Merger will
become effective at the time of such filings, and upon effectiveness of the
Merger each share of Merchants Common Stock will be converted as provided in
Article II of the Agreement.   (h) No approvals, authorizations, consents
or other actions or filings under federal banking law, Delaware law, New York
law or New Jersey law ("Approvals") are required to be obtained by Valley or
VNB in order to permit the execution and delivery of the Agreement by Valley
and VNB and the performance by Valley and VNB of the transactions
contemplated thereby without violation of such laws other than those
Approvals which have been obtained or those Approvals or consents required to
be obtained by Merchants or the Bank, and Approvals not required or necessary
to be obtained on the date hereof in order to permit such execution, delivery
and performance without violation of such laws.   (i) Except as set forth
in the Valley Disclosure Schedule or in Valley\'s certificate addressed to us
and attached hereto, and other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to
the business of Valley or its Subsidiaries, we are not aware of any material
action, suit or proceeding or investigation pending or threatened in writing
against or affecting the business, operations, property or financial
condition of Valley or any of its Subsidiaries, at law or in equity, in any
court or before any Federal, state, municipal or other governmental
Department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, except
those which, if decided adversely to Valley or any of its Subsidiaries, would
not have a material adverse effect on Valley and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole; provided, however, we are not counsel to Valley or its Subsidiaries in
certain litigation and with respect to any such litigation we are relying
upon the representation and warranty of Valley made in Section 4.10 of the
Agreement with respect to material litigation and on Valley\'s certificate
addressed to us and attached hereto.   (j) The Registration Statement has
been declared effective by the SEC under the 1933 Act and we are not aware
that any stop order suspending the effectiveness has been issued under the
1933 Act or proceedings therefor initiated or threatened by the SEC.   * *
* * * * *   We are not passing upon and do not assume any
responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the statements
and information contained in the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus and make no
representation that we have independently verified the accuracy, completeness
or fairness of such statements and information, but, without in any way
limiting the generality of the foregoing, based upon our review of the Joint
Proxy Statement-Prospectus (i) the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus (except
for financial statements and other tabular financial information, and other
financial and statistical data and information, as to which we express no
opinion) complies as to form in all material respects with the 1933 Act and
the applicable laws and regulations thereunder, (ii) no facts have come to
our attention that caused us to believe that (except for financial statements
and other tabular financial information, as to which we do not express any
belief) the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus on the date of the mailing
thereof and on the date of the meeting of stockholders of Merchants at which
the Agreement was approved, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
with respect to Valley or omitted to state a material fact with respect to
Valley necessary in order to make the statements therein with respect to
Valley, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.   * * * * * * *   In rendering their opinion, counsel to
Valley (A) may, to the extent they deem proper and so specify in their
opinion, rely upon the opinion of other counsel as to matters involving the
application of laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or the
State of New Jersey, or may exclude from their opinion the substance included
in the opinions of other counsel given directly to Merchants and (B) may
rely, as to matters of fact, on certificates of responsible officers of
Valley, VNB, or other Subsidiaries of Valley and public officials; provided
copies of any such opinions or certificates are delivered to Merchants
together with the opinion to be rendered hereunder by counsel to Valley.
Counsel to Valley may assume that any agreement is the valid and binding
obligation of any parties to such agreement other than Valley and VNB. As to
matters of fact, counsel to Valley may also rely upon the representations and
warranties made by Valley to Merchants in the Agreement as though such
representations and warranties were made directly to counsel. Counsel to
Valley may also rely upon the genuineness of signatures and the authenticity
of copies.     '

