<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>COMBINATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

       [THIS PAGE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE PART OF THE COMBINATION AGREEMENT]


                             CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement regarding
the business combination transaction referred to in the Combination Agreement,
when it becomes available, because it will contain important information. The
proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
Echo Bay Mines Ltd. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of
the proxy statement (when it is available) and other documents filed by Echo
Bay Mines Ltd. with the SEC at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The proxy
statement (when it is available) and these other documents may also be
obtained for free from Echo Bay Mines Ltd. by directing a request to Lois-Ann
L. Brodrick, 780-496-9704, lbrodrick@echobaymines.ca



CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARTICIPANTS

Investors may obtain a detailed list of names, affiliations and interests of
Echo Bay Mines Ltd.'s participants in the solicitation of proxies of
stockholders to approve the proposed business combination from a Securities
and Exchange Commission filing under Schedule 14A made by Echo Bay Mines Ltd.
on June 10, 2002.



<PAGE>

                             COMBINATION AGREEMENT




                           KINROSS GOLD CORPORATION

                                      and

                                 TVX GOLD INC.

                                      and

                              ECHO BAY MINES LTD.



                                 June 10, 2002



<PAGE>


                             COMBINATION AGREEMENT



     THIS COMBINATION AGREEMENT made as of the 10th day of June, 2002,

AMONG:

     Kinross Gold Corporation, a corporation governed by the Business
     Corporations Act (Ontario) (hereinafter called "Kinross")

                                      and

     TVX Gold Inc., a corporation governed by the Canada Business Corporations
     Act (hereinafter called "TVX")

                                      and

     Echo Bay Mines Ltd., a corporation governed by the Canada Business
     Corporations Act (hereinafter called "Echo Bay")


     WHEREAS Kinross, TVX and Echo Bay wish to combine their respective
businesses and acquire the Newmont TVX NA Joint Venture Interest now owned
indirectly by Newmont Mining Corporation ("Newmont");

     AND WHEREAS the Parties hereto intend to cause (i) the amalgamation of
Kinross Subco and TVX in which Kinross will issue common shares of Kinross to
the holders of the common shares of TVX, and (ii) the exchange of the common
shares of Echo Bay for common shares of Kinross, in each case pursuant to the
Arrangement and as a consequence of which the outstanding options and warrants
to purchase common shares of TVX and Echo Bay will, respectively be deemed to
be options and be replaced by warrants to purchase common shares of Kinross;

     AND WHEREAS it is intended that, immediately before the completion of the
Arrangement, the Newmont TVX NA Joint Venture Interest will be acquired
pursuant to the terms of agreements existing between TVX and Newmont or their
respective subsidiaries;

     AND WHEREAS the Parties hereto have entered into this Agreement to
provide for the matters referred to in the foregoing recitals and for other
matters relating to the Combination;

     NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that in consideration of the
covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable
consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged),
the Parties hereto do hereby covenant and agree as set forth below.


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE 1
                                INTERPRETATION

1.1  Definitions

     In this Agreement, including the recitals and Schedules hereto, unless
the context otherwise requires:

     "Acquisition Proposal" means (i) any proposal or offer for a merger,
     amalgamation, reorganization, recapitalization or other business
     combination involving a Party or a Material Subsidiary or a Material
     Joint Venture Interest of a Party, (ii) any proposal or offer to acquire
     in any manner, directly or indirectly, assets which individually or in
     the aggregate exceed 10% of the consolidated assets of a Party, (iii) any
     proposal or offer to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, any
     shares or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
     securities which exceed 10% of the outstanding voting securities of a
     Party, or (iv) any sale of treasury shares, or securities convertible,
     exercisable or exchangeable for treasury shares, which exceed 10% of the
     outstanding voting securities of the Party or rights or interests therein
     or thereto, excluding the Pre-Combination Steps, the Purchase and the
     Arrangement and the transactions permitted pursuant to Section 4.3;

     "Agreement" means this agreement together with the Schedules hereto;

     "Amalco" means the corporation resulting from the amalgamation of Kinross
     Subco and TVX as a part of the Arrangement;

     "Amalco Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of Amalco;

     "Announcement Press Release" means a joint press release issued by the
     Parties and substantially in the form of Schedule 2.1 hereto;

     "Arrangement" means the arrangement involving Kinross, Kinross Subco, TVX
     and Echo Bay under the provisions of the CBCA on the terms and conditions
     set forth in the Plan of Arrangement resulting, inter alia, in the
     issuance of Kinross Shares to the holders of record immediately prior to
     the Effective Date of the TVX Common Shares and of the Echo Bay Common
     Shares;

     "Articles of Amendment" means the articles of amendment of Kinross
     effecting the Kinross Share Consolidation;

     "Articles of Arrangement" means the articles of arrangement in respect of
     Kinross Subco, TVX and Echo Bay;

     "Beech Lock-Up Agreement" means the agreement between Beech LLC and TVX
     dated the date hereof and providing, inter alia, that Beech LLC will vote
     the TVX Common Shares held by it in favour of the participation by TVX in
     the Arrangement;


<PAGE>



     "Benefit Plan" means, in respect of a Party, any benefit, employment,
     personal services, consulting, compensation, incentive, bonus, stock
     option, restricted stock, stock appreciation right, phantom equity,
     change in control, severance, termination pay, vacation, holiday pay,
     overtime, time-off, perquisite or other similar agreement, plan, policy
     or arrangement covering one or more current or former employees of the
     specified Party and each of its Subsidiaries, other than unionized
     employees;

     "Board of Directors", in respect of a Party, means the board of directors
     of the specified Party;

     "Business Day" means any day, other than Saturday or Sunday or a day that
     is a statutory or civic holiday in the place where an action is to be
     taken;

     "CBCA" means the Canada Business Corporations Act, R.S.C. 1985, c. C-44,
     as amended, and the regulations thereunder;

     "Canadian Provincial Authorities" means the Canadian provincial
     securities commissions;

     "Change of Control Proposal" means (i) any proposal or offer for a
     merger, amalgamation, reorganization, recapitalization or other business
     combination involving a Party or a Material Subsidiary or a Material
     Joint Venture Interest of a Party, (ii) any proposal or offer to acquire
     in any manner, directly or indirectly, assets which individually or in
     the aggregate exceed 50% of the consolidated assets of a Party, (iii) any
     proposal or offer to acquire in any manner, directly or indirectly, any
     shares or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
     securities which exceed 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
     Party, or (iv) any sale of treasury shares, or securities convertible,
     exercisable or exchangeable for treasury shares, which exceed 50% of the
     outstanding voting securities of the Party or rights or interests therein
     or thereto, excluding the Pre-Combination Steps, the Purchase and the
     Arrangement and the transactions permitted pursuant to Section 4.3;

     "Combination" means the Purchase and the Arrangement;

     "Competition Act" means the Competition Act (Canada), R.S.C. 1985, c.
     C-34, as amended, and the regulations thereunder;

     "Confidentiality Agreement" means the Confidentiality and Standstill
     Agreement initially dated as of May 14, 2002 entered into among Kinross,
     TVX and Newmont together with the counterpart thereof dated as of May 21,
     2002 executed by Echo Bay, relating to the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement;

     "Court" means the Superior Court of Ontario;

     "Echo Bay Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of Echo
     Bay;


<PAGE>



     "Echo Bay Meeting" means the special meeting of the holders of the Echo
     Bay Common Shares called for the purpose of considering and, if thought
     fit, approving the Arrangement;

     "Effective Date" means the date, determined in accordance with Section
     2.2, on which the Combination is to be effected;

     "Final Order" means the order of the Court sanctioning the Arrangement,
     as such order may be amended at any time prior to the Effective Date or,
     if appealed, then unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed;

     "Final Termination Date" means December 31, 2002;

     "GAAP" means Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as
     contemplated by the Handbook of the Canadian Institute of Chartered
     Accountants, applied on a consistent basis;

     "Governmental Entity" means (a) any multinational, federal, provincial,
     state, regional, municipal, local or other government, governmental or
     public department, central bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body,
     commission, stock exchange, self-regulated securities market, board,
     bureau or agency, whether domestic or foreign, (b) any subdivision,
     agent, commission, board or authority of any of the foregoing or (c) any
     quasi-governmental or private body exercising any regulatory,
     expropriation or taxing authority under or for the account of any of the
     foregoing;

     "HSR Act" means the United States Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
     Improvements Act of 1976, as amended;

     "Initial Termination Date" means November 30, 2002;

     "Interim Order" means the order of the Court containing declarations and
     directions with respect to the Arrangement;

     "Joint Information Circular" means the management information circular
     prepared by each of Kinross, TVX and Echo Bay for the Meetings;

     "Kinross Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of Kinross
     prior to the Kinross Share Consolidation;

     "Kinross Financing" means the public offering of Kinross Common Shares or
     other securities for aggregate proceeds of not more than U.S.$250,000,000
     which Kinross intends to proceed with as soon as possible after the date
     hereof;

     "Kinross Lock-Up Agreement" means the agreement between Kinross and Echo
     Bay dated the date hereof and providing, inter alia, that Kinross will
     continue to hold the Echo Bay Common Shares held by it until the
     conclusion of the Echo Bay Meeting and that it will vote such shares in
     favour of the participation by Echo Bay in the Arrangement;


<PAGE>


     "Kinross Meeting" means the special meeting of the holders of the Kinross
     Common Shares called for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit,
     approving the Kinross Share Consolidation, approving the Kinross Share
     Issuance (if such approval is required under any applicable Laws) and
     electing directors of Kinross;

     "Kinross Placer Joint Venture" means the joint venture to be entered into
     between Kinross and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Placer Dome Inc.
     concerning certain gold mining operations in the Porcupine district in
     Ontario;

     "Kinross Share Consolidation" means the consolidation of the Kinross
     Common Shares on a one-for-three basis;

     "Kinross Share Issuance" means the issue of Kinross Shares pursuant to
     (a) the Arrangement, (b) the exercise of any options that were granted
     prior to the Effective Date under the stock option plans of TVX and Echo
     Bay on the basis set out in Section 4.11 and (c) the exercise of any
     warrants that were granted prior to the Effective Date under the Warrant
     Indenture as set out in Section 4.9(2)(c);

     "Kinross Shares" means the common shares in the capital of Kinross
     immediately after the filing of Articles of Amendment, if any, approved
     at the Kinross Meeting giving effect to the Kinross Share Consolidation
     or, in the absence of such filing, means the Kinross Common Shares;

     "Kinross Subco" means 5082389 Canada Inc., a corporation incorporated
     under the CBCA, which is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Kinross;

     "Laws" means all laws, by-laws, rules, regulations, orders, ordinances,
     protocols, codes, guidelines, policies, notices, directions and
     judgements or other requirements of any Governmental Entity;

     "Material" means, where used in relation to the affairs of one of the
     Parties, a fact, asset, liability, transaction or circumstance concerning
     the business, operations, capital or financial condition of such Party
     and its Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture Interests, taken as a
     whole, that would reasonably be considered to be important to a
     reasonable investor in making an investment decision with respect to such
     Party (the Parties agreeing that any matter or thing, or series of
     related matters or things, involving an aggregate amount of
     U.S.$10,000,000 would be important to such an investor) or that would
     significantly impede the ability of that Party to complete the
     Combination in accordance with this Agreement;

     "Material Adverse Change" or "Material Adverse Effect" means, where used
     in respect of any Party, any change, effect, event, occurrence or state
     of facts that is, or would reasonably be expected to be, Material and
     adverse to the business, operations, capital or financial condition of
     such Party and its Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture Interests,
     taken as a whole, other than any change, effect, event or occurrence: (a)
     relating to the global economy or securities markets in general; (b)
     affecting the worldwide gold mining industry in general and which does
     not have a materially disproportionate effect on such Party and its
     Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture


<PAGE>


     Interests, taken as a whole; (c) resulting from changes in the price of
     gold; (d) relating to the rate at which Canadian dollars can be exchanged
     for United States dollars; or (e) which is a change in the trading price
     of the publicly traded securities of a Party immediately following and
     reasonably attributable to the disclosure of the Combination, this
     Agreement and the matters contemplated hereby, including the Kinross
     Financing;

     "Material Joint Venture Interest" means: (a) in respect of Kinross, the
     Refugio project in Chile; (b) in respect of TVX, the interest currently
     held by TVX in the TVX NA Joint Venture and the co-ownership interests
     and joint ventures included therein; and (c) in respect of Echo Bay,
     none;

     "Material Subsidiary" in respect of a Party, means a Subsidiary of that
     Party the total assets of which constituted more than 10% of the
     consolidated assets of that Party or the total revenues of which
     constituted more than 10% of the consolidated revenues of that Party, in
     each case as set out either in the audited annual consolidated financial
     statements of that Party as at and for the year ended December 31, 2001
     or in the unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements of that
     Party as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2002;

     "McCoy/Cove Complex" means the mine and ancillary facilities indirectly
     owned by Echo Bay located 30 miles southwest of Battle Mountain, Nevada,
     U.S.A.;

     "McCoy/Cove Purchase Agreement" means the agreement entered into between
     Echo Bay and Newmont providing for the purchase by Newmont from Echo Bay
     of the McCoy/Cove Complex;

     "Meetings" means the Kinross Meeting, the TVX Meeting and the Echo Bay
     Meeting, and "Meeting" means any of them;

     "Newmont" has the meaning attributed thereto in the recitals;

     "Newmont Lock-Up Agreement" means the agreement between Newmont and Echo
     Bay dated the date hereof and providing, inter alia, that Newmont will
     continue to hold the Echo Bay Common Shares held by it until the
     conclusion of the Echo Bay Meeting and that it will vote such shares in
     favour of the participation by Echo Bay in the Arrangement;

     "Newmont TVX NA Joint Venture Interest" means the indirect interest of
     Newmont in the TVX NA Joint Venture, comprising 52,213,000 common shares
     in the capital of TVX Newmont Americas (Canada) Inc. held by Newmont
     Americas Holdings Limited and 93,943,500 voting preferred shares and
     41,239,500 newinco preferred shares in the capital of TVX Newmont
     Americas (Cayman) Inc. held by Normandy Cayman Holdco Inc.;

     "Parties" means Kinross, TVX and Echo Bay and "Party" means any one of
     them;


<PAGE>



     "Person" includes an individual, partnership, association, body
     corporate, trust, trustee, executor, administrator, legal representative
     or government, including any Governmental Entity;

     "Plan of Arrangement" means the Plan of Arrangement involving Kinross,
     Kinross Subco, TVX and Echo Bay;

     "Pre-Combination Steps" means the steps set out herein which are to be
     undertaken by the Parties and their Subsidiaries in advance of the
     Combination to give effect thereto and to the other matters set out in
     this Agreement and such other steps as are approved by the Parties in
     writing;

     "Public Disclosure Documents" means, with respect to a Party, all
     publicly available forms, reports, schedules, statements and other
     documents filed by a Party with the SEC or the Canadian Provincial
     Authorities;

     "Purchase" means the purchase of the Newmont TVX NA Joint Venture
     Interest in exchange for consideration consisting of the payment of
     U.S.$180,000,000;

     "Regulatory Approval" means any approval, consent, waiver, permit, order
     or exemption from any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction or
     authority over any Party or any Material Subsidiary or Material Joint
     Venture Interest of any Party which is required, necessary or advisable
     to be obtained in order to permit the Combination to be effected, and
     "Regulatory Approvals" means all such approvals, consents, waivers,
     permits, orders and exemptions;

     "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

     "Subsidiary" means, with respect to a specified body corporate, any body
     corporate of which securities carrying more than 50% of the votes that
     may be cast to elect directors are at the relevant time owned directly or
     indirectly by such specified body corporate and the voting rights carried
     by such securities are sufficient, if exercised, to elect a majority of
     the directors thereof, and shall include any body corporate, partnership,
     joint venture or other entity over which such specified body corporate
     exercises direction or control or which is in like relation to a
     subsidiary; provided, however, in the case of TVX, "Subsidiary" shall not
     include the interest of TVX in bodies corporate which comprise the TVX NA
     Joint Venture;

     "Superior Proposal" has the meaning ascribed thereto by Section 4.4(1);

     "Taxes" means all taxes, however denominated, including any interest,
     penalties or other additions that may become payable in respect thereof,
     imposed by any Governmental Entity, which taxes shall include, without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income or profits taxes
     (including, but not limited to, federal income taxes and provincial
     income taxes), capital taxes, payroll and employee withholding taxes,
     employment insurance, social insurance taxes (including Canada Pension
     Plan payments), sales and use taxes, goods and services taxes, ad valorem
     taxes, excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross receipts taxes, business
     license taxes, occupation taxes, real and personal property taxes,


<PAGE>



     stamp taxes, environmental taxes, transfer taxes, workers' compensation,
     pension assessment and other governmental charges, royalties, lease and
     licensing fees paid to a Governmental Entity, and other obligations of
     the same or of a similar nature to any of the foregoing, which a Party or
     any of its Subsidiaries is required to pay, withhold or collect;

     "TVX Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of TVX or if
     the TVX Share Consolidation is effected after the date hereof, such
     shares as consolidated;

     "TVX Meeting" means the special meeting of the holders of the TVX Common
     Shares called for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit,
     approving the Arrangement;

     "TVX NA Joint Venture Agreements" means the several agreements dated June
     11, 1999 among TVX, Normandy Mining Limited, Normandy Americas Holdings
     Limited, TVX Normandy Americas (Canada) Inc., TVX Cayman Inc., Normandy
     Cayman Holdco Inc. and TVX Normandy Americas (Cayman) Inc., among others,
     dealing with, inter alia, the holding and disposition of the Newmont TVX
     NA Joint Venture Interest;

     "TVX NA Joint Venture" means the business venture formed by TVX and
     certain Subsidiaries of Newmont, pursuant to the TVX NA Joint Venture
     Agreements, to explore, develop and operate gold properties in North
     America and South America;

     "TVX NA Purchase Agreement" means the agreement or agreements dated the
     date hereof pursuant to which Newmont or one or more of its Subsidiaries
     and TVX or a Subsidiary of TVX will effect the Purchase;

     "TVX Share Consolidation" means the consolidation of TVX Common Shares on
     a one-for-ten basis which was approved by the shareholders of TVX at its
     most recent annual and special meeting of shareholders held on May 16,
     2002;

     "Warrant Indenture" means the Warrant Indenture dated May 9, 2002 between
     Echo Bay and Computershare Trust Company of Canada providing for the
     issue of 39,100,000 Echo Bay share purchase warrants; and

     "U.S. Tax Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
     amended.

1.2  Interpretation Not Affected by Headings

     The division of this Agreement into Articles, Sections, subsections,
paragraphs and Schedules and the insertion of headings are for convenience of
reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

1.3  Article References

     Unless the contrary intention appears, references in this Agreement to an
Article, Section, subsection, paragraph or Schedule by number or letter or
both refer to the Article, Section, subsection, paragraph or Schedule,
respectively, bearing that designation in this Agreement.


<PAGE>


1.4  Number and Gender

     In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears, words importing
the singular number only shall include the plural and vice-versa, and words
importing the use of any gender shall include all genders.

1.5  Date for Any Action

     If the date on which any action is required to be taken hereunder by any
of the Parties is not a Business Day in the place where the action is required
to be taken, such action shall be required to be taken on the next day which
is a Business Day in such place.

1.6  Currency

     Unless otherwise stated, all references in this Agreement to sums of
money are expressed in lawful money of Canada.

1.7  Schedules

     The Schedules annexed to this Agreement, being:

     Schedule 2.1    -  Announcement Press Release
     Schedule 4.1    -  Kinross Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer

respectively, are incorporated by reference into this Agreement and form part
hereof.

1.8  Accounting Matters

     Unless otherwise stated, all accounting terms used in this Agreement
shall have the meanings attributable thereto under GAAP and all determinations
of an accounting nature required to be made shall be made in a manner
consistent with GAAP.

1.9  Disclosure

     Where in this Agreement reference is made to disclosure made by a Party,
the reference shall refer and be construed to refer solely to (i) disclosure
in the Party's Public Disclosure Documents or (ii) disclosure made in writing
by the Party to the other Parties, in either case on or prior to the date
hereof.

1.10 Knowledge

     In this Agreement, references to "the knowledge of" and similar
references mean the actual knowledge of any of the directors and senior
executive officers of a Party, after reasonable inquiry, and such directors
and senior executive officers shall make such inquiry as is reasonable in the
circumstances, except that in respect of the Material Joint Venture Interests
of such Party, references to "the knowledge of" and similar references mean
the actual knowledge of any of the directors and senior executive officers of
such Party without inquiry of the other participants in,


<PAGE>


or of those members of the management or employees who are unrelated to such
Party of, any Material Joint Venture Interest.

                                   ARTICLE 2
                                THE COMBINATION

2.1  The Combination

     In order to implement the Combination:

     (a)  the Purchase shall be completed;

     (b)  each of Kinross, TVX and Echo Bay shall take all necessary steps,
          including those set out in Section 4.8, in order to enable it to
          participate in and effect the Combination;

     (c)  each of Kinross, TVX and Echo Bay shall take all necessary action to
          call and hold its Meeting to consider and, if thought appropriate,
          approve its participation in the Combination; and

     (d)  if the Kinross Share Issuance and the Arrangement receive the
          necessary shareholder approvals:

          (i)  Kinross shall cause Kinross Subco to amalgamate with TVX to
               form Amalco, as a result of which holders of TVX Common Shares
               will receive 0.2167 Kinross Shares for each TVX Common Share
               held (or 0.65 Kinross Common Shares, if the Kinross Share
               Consolidation is not approved), and Kinross as the sole
               shareholder of Kinross Subco will receive Amalco Common Shares
               in exchange for shares of Kinross Subco, on a one-for-one
               basis; provided that in the event that the TVX Share
               Consolidation is effected after the date hereof, the number of
               Kinross Shares (or Kinross Common Shares if the Kinross Share
               Consolidation is not approved) to be issued to holders of TVX
               Common Shares pursuant to the Arrangement shall be adjusted
               accordingly; and

          (ii) upon the completion of step (i), Echo Bay and Kinross will
               effect a share exchange, as a result of which holders of Echo
               Bay Common Shares will receive 0.1733 Kinross Shares for each
               Echo Bay Common Share held (or 0.52 Kinross Common Shares, if
               the Kinross Share Consolidation is not approved).

2.2  Effective Date

     The Combination shall be effected on the first Business Day following
fulfillment or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 5 (or such other
Business Day as soon as practicable thereafter as the Parties may otherwise
agree) (the "Effective Date"). On the Effective Date, the Parties shall take
the following steps in the order specified:


<PAGE>


     (a)  the Purchase shall be completed;

     (b)  Kinross shall file the Articles of Amendment with the Director under
          the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) to give effect to the
          Kinross Share Consolidation, if the Kinross Share Consolidation has
          been approved;

     (c)  Kinross shall cause Kinross Subco to file the Articles of
          Arrangement with the Director under the CBCA to give effect to the
          Arrangement; and

     (d)  the resolution of the shareholders of Kinross electing a new Board
          of Directors shall be come effective.



                                   ARTICLE 3
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES

3.1  Representations as to Board Approvals

     Each Party represents and warrants to the other Parties that:

     (a)  the special committee or independent committee, if any, formed by
          the Board of Directors of such Party to consider the participation
          by such Party in the Combination has recommended that such Board of
          Directors approve such participation in the Combination on the basis
          contemplated herein and has further recommended that such Board of
          Directors recommend to the shareholders of such Party that they
          approve its participation in the Combination on such basis;

     (b)  its Board of Directors has determined that:

          (i)  the Combination is fair to its shareholders and is in the best
               interests of such Party; and

          (ii) it will recommend to the shareholders of such Party that they
               should vote in favour of the Arrangement or, in the case of
               Kinross, the Kinross Share Issuance (if such approval is
               required under applicable Laws), the Kinross Share
               Consolidation and the election as directors of Kinross of the
               persons set out in Schedule 4.1; and

     (c)  in the case of each of TVX and Echo Bay, its special committee or
          Board of Directors has received an opinion from its financial
          advisor that as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio
          prescribed herein is fair to the shareholders of such Party from a
          financial point of view.


<PAGE>


3.2  Representation of Kinross and Echo Bay

     Each of Kinross and Echo Bay represents and warrants to the other Parties
that the Kinross Lock-Up Agreement, a true copy of which has been delivered to
each other Party, is in full force and effect as regards Kinross and Echo Bay,
respectively, unamended.

3.3  Representations of Echo Bay

     Echo Bay represents and warrants to the other Parties that:

     (a)  the Newmont Lock-Up Agreement, a true copy of which has been
          delivered to each other Party, is in full force and effect as
          regards Echo Bay, unamended; and

     (b)  the McCoy/Cove Purchase Agreement, a true copy of which has been
          delivered to each other Party, is in full force and effect as
          regards Echo Bay, unamended.

3.4  Representations of TVX

     TVX represents and warrants to the other Parties that:

     (a)  the Beech Lock-Up Agreement, a true copy of which has been delivered
          to each other Party, is in full force and effect as regards TVX,
          unamended; and

     (b)  TVX and Newmont (or Subsidiaries thereof) have entered into the TVX
          NA Purchase Agreement, a true copy of which has been delivered to
          each other Party, and such agreement is in full force and effect as
          regards TVX, unamended.

3.5  General Representations of the Parties

(1)  Each of the Parties hereby represents and warrants to the other Parties
     that except as disclosed to the other Parties:

     (a)  it has filed with the Canadian Provincial Authorities and the SEC
          all forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
          required to be filed by it since December 31, 2000;

     (b)  since December 31, 2000, its Public Disclosure Documents at the time
          filed, except to the extent that such statements have been modified
          or superseded by a later Public Disclosure Document, (i) did not
          contain any misrepresentation, as defined under applicable
          securities Laws and (ii) complied in all material respects with the
          requirements of applicable securities Laws;

     (c)  none of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Party for
          inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Joint Information
          Circular will, at the date the Joint Information Circular is mailed
          to shareholders of Kinross, TVX and Echo


<PAGE>


     Bay, contain any misrepresentation, as defined under applicable
     securities Laws, with respect to such Party;

     (d)  it has not filed any confidential material change report since
          December 31, 2000, which remains confidential;

     (e)  the Party has the corporate power and authority to enter into this
          Agreement and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
          this Agreement and this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed
          and delivered by the Party and constitutes a legal, valid and
          binding obligation of the Party enforceable against the Party in
          accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and
          other Laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, the
          equitable power of the courts to stay proceedings before them and
          the execution of judgements and the qualifications that (i)
          equitable remedies such as specific performance and injunction may
          be granted only in the discretion of a court of competent
          jurisdiction, and (ii) rights to indemnity and contribution may be
          limited by applicable Law;

     (f)  the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation by
          the Party of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and
          compliance by the Party with the terms of this Agreement do not and
          will not result in any violation of the charter or by-laws or
          similar documents of the Party or any Subsidiary or Material Joint
          Venture Interest or give rise to a right to terminate or accelerate
          the due date of any payment due under, or conflict with, violate or
          result in the breach of any term or provision of or constitute a
          default (or any event which with notice, or lapse of time, or both,
          would constitute a default) under, or require consent, approval,
          authorization, order or waiver under, or result in the execution or
          imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any properties or
          assets of the Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Material Joint
          Venture Interests under:

          (i)  any indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, trust deed, note or
               other agreement or instrument to which the Party or any
               Subsidiary or Material Joint Venture Interest is a party or by
               which the Party or any Subsidiary or Material Joint Venture
               Interest or any of their respective properties or businesses is
               bound or affected, or any franchise, license or permit,

          (ii) any existing applicable Canadian federal statute or regulation
               or any statute or regulation of any jurisdiction in which the
               Party or any Subsidiary or Material Joint Venture Interest
               carry on business,

          (iii) any judgement, order or decree of any Government Entity having
               jurisdiction over the Party or any Subsidiary or Material Joint
               Venture Interest or any of their properties or assets, or

          (iv) any statute, rule, or regulation applicable to the Party or any
               Subsidiary or Material Joint Venture Interest,


<PAGE>


               except any consent, approval, permit, authorization, order or
               filing which shall have been obtained before the Effective Date
               and other than any such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights
               or liens that individually or in the aggregate have not had and
               would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
               Effect;

     (g)  neither the Party nor any Subsidiary or Material Joint Venture
          Interest is in violation of any term or provision of its charter or
          by-laws or any agreement, franchise, licence, permit, approval,
          consent, judgement, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation,
          where the consequences of such violation would have a Material
          Adverse Effect on the assets, properties, business, results of
          operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the
          Party and its Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture Interest,
          taken as a whole; and

     (h)  the consolidated financial statements of the Party (including the
          notes thereto) included in its Public Disclosure Documents under the
          requirements of applicable securities Laws present fairly its
          consolidated financial position, its consolidated results of
          operations and cash flows and surplus and the other information
          purported to be shown therein at the respective dates and for the
          respective periods to which they apply; such financial statements
          have been prepared in conformity with GAAP or United States
          generally accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of
          unaudited statements, as permitted by Canadian Provincial
          Authorities and the SEC), as applicable, consistently applied
          throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
          notes thereto), and all adjustments necessary for a fair
          presentation of the results for such periods have been made
          (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
          audit adjustments).

(2)  Each of the Parties hereby represents and warrants to the other Parties
     that neither the Party nor any Subsidiary has taken or agreed to take any
     action or knows of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that
     is reasonably likely to prevent the share exchange effected by the
     Parties pursuant to the Arrangement from qualifying for U.S. Federal
     income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
     368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code.

(3)  Kinross represents and warrants to the other Parties that it is not a
     "non-Canadian" within the meaning of the Investment Canada Act (Canada)
     and that no application for review and no notification under the
     Investment Canada Act (Canada) is required in connection with the
     Combination.

(4)  Each of the Parties acknowledges that each of the other Parties is
     relying upon the representations and warranties of such Party in this
     Agreement in connection with entering into this Agreement and
     participating in the Combination.

(5)  Each of TVX and Echo Bay acknowledges that the prospectus to be prepared
     and filed with securities regulatory authorities in connection with the
     Kinross Financing is required to include certain information about each
     of TVX and Echo Bay and that this information


<PAGE>


     will be derived from, or included in the prospectus by incorporation by
     reference of, certain Public Disclosure Documents of those Parties. Each
     of TVX and Echo Bay acknowledges that Kinross is relying upon the
     representation and warranty of each of TVX and Echo Bay in subsection (1)
     in connection with the disclosure made or incorporated into the
     prospectus concerning each of TVX and Echo Bay. Each of the Parties
     acknowledges that its legal counsel may be requested to provide the
     underwriters of the Kinross Financing with comfort that the prospectus
     prepared in connection with the Kinross Financing does not offend the
     prohibition in Rule 10b-5 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of
     1934 , as amended.

3.6  Investigation

     Any investigation by a Party and its advisors shall not mitigate,
diminish or affect the representations and warranties given to such Party by
the other Parties pursuant to this Agreement.

3.7  Survival of Representations and Warranties

     The representations and warranties of each of the Parties contained in
this Agreement shall not survive the completion of the Combination and shall
expire and be terminated and extinguished at the Effective Date.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                                   COVENANTS

4.1  Kinross Board of Directors and Chief Executive Offer

     The Parties agree that it is their intention that the Chairman and the
other members of the Board of Directors, and the Chief Executive Officer, of
Kinross as of and immediately after the Effective Date shall be the
individuals named in Schedule 4.1. Kinross covenants and agrees that at the
Kinross Meeting the holders of the Kinross Common Shares will be requested to
consider and, if thought fit, to elect as directors of Kinross the individuals
named in Schedule 4.1 to hold office from and after the Effective Date until
their successors have been duly elected or appointed.

4.2  Consultation

     Subject to Section 4.8(c), the Parties agree to consult with each other
before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement with
respect to this Agreement or the Combination and in making any filings with
any Governmental Entity, including any filing with any securities
administrator or stock exchange with respect thereto. Each Party shall use
reasonable commercial efforts to provide the other Parties with an opportunity
to review and comment on all such press releases and filings prior to the
release thereof.

4.3  Mutual Covenants

     Each of the Parties covenants and agrees, to the extent it is within its
control (including, without limitation, in respect of any of its Material
Joint Venture Interests in each case only to


<PAGE>



the extent that such Party has the power to do so with respect to each such
Material Joint Venture Interest), that, except (i) as disclosed by the Party,
or (ii) with the prior written consent of the other Parties, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, or (iii) as contemplated in this Agreement
or the Combination or in connection with effecting any Pre-Combination Steps,
the Kinross Financing, or the Kinross Placer Joint Venture, until the
Effective Date or the day upon which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
Article 8, whichever is earlier:

     (a)  it shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and Material
          Joint Venture Interests to, conduct its and their respective
          businesses only in, and not take any action except in, the usual,
          ordinary and regular course of business and consistent with past
          practice;

     (b)  except as may be required to give effect to any court order or
          arbritral award, it shall not directly or indirectly do or permit to
          occur any of the following:

          (i)  issue, sell, pledge, lease, dispose of, encumber or agree to
               issue, sell, pledge, lease, dispose of or encumber (or permit
               any of its Material Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture
               Interests to issue, sell, pledge, lease, dispose of, encumber
               or agree to issue, sell, pledge, lease, dispose of or
               encumber):

               1.   any shares of or units in, or any options, warrants,
                    calls, conversion privileges or rights of any kind to
                    acquire any shares of or units in it or any of its
                    Material Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests,
                    other than pursuant to the exercise of stock options,
                    warrants or conversion or exchange rights attaching to
                    securities which are currently outstanding (including for
                    greater certainty the Kinross 5.5% Convertible Unsecured
                    Subordinated Debentures issued December 5, 1996) or under
                    existing share issuance or grant plans or stock options
                    issued consistent with past practices and share issuances
                    in respect thereof; or

               2.   except in the usual, ordinary and regular course of
                    business and consistent with past practice, any Material
                    assets of it or any of its Material Subsidiaries or
                    Material Joint Venture Interests;

          (ii) except for the TVX Share Consolidation, amend or propose to
               amend its articles or by-laws or those (or the equivalent
               charter documents) of any of its Material Subsidiaries or the
               joint venture, partnership, management, operating or similar
               agreements or similar documents in respect of any of its
               Material Joint Venture Interests;

         (iii) except for the TVX Share Consolidation, split, combine or
               reclassify any of its outstanding shares, or declare, set aside
               or pay any dividend or other distribution payable in cash,
               stock, property or otherwise with respect to its shares (other
               than dividends or distributions made by a wholly-owned
               Subsidiary to a Party or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of that
               Party or


<PAGE>



               regular quarterly dividends in respect of its common shares, in
               amounts consistent with past practice, and, in the case of
               Kinross, dividends provided for pursuant to the provisions of
               its preferred shares);

          (iv) redeem, purchase or offer to purchase, or permit any of its
               Subsidiaries to redeem, purchase or offer to purchase, any
               shares or other securities of it or any of its Material
               Subsidiaries, unless otherwise required by the terms of such
               securities as in effect on the date hereof; provided however
               that Kinross shall not be precluded from redeeming its 5.5%
               Convertible Unsecured Subordinated Debentures issued December
               5, 1996;

          (v)  except for internal reorganizations, amalgamations or mergers
               involving it and/or any of its direct or indirect wholly-owned
               Subsidiaries, reorganize, amalgamate or merge it or any of its
               Material Subsidiaries with any other Person;

          (vi) acquire or agree to acquire any Person, or acquire or agree to
               acquire any assets, which in each case are individually or in
               the aggregate Material, or permit any of its Subsidiaries or
               Material Joint Venture Interests to do any of the foregoing;

         (vii) (1) satisfy or settle any claims or liabilities which are
               individually or in the aggregate Material, except such as have
               been reserved against in its most recent audited annual
               consolidated financial statements delivered to the other
               Parties; (2) relinquish any contractual rights which are
               individually or in the aggregate Material; (3) enter into any
               interest rate, currency or commodity swaps, hedges or other
               similar financial instruments which individually or in the
               aggregate are Material; or (4) permit any of its Subsidiaries
               or Material Joint Venture Interests to do any of the foregoing;
               or

        (viii) except for the purpose of the renewal of or the replacement
               of existing credit facilities, incur or commit to provide
               guarantees, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue
               any amount of debt securities, in each case which are
               individually or in the aggregate Material, or permit any of its
               Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests to do any of
               the foregoing;

     (c)  it shall not, and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries and
          Material Joint Venture Interests to not:

          (i)  except in the usual, ordinary and regular course of business
               and consistent with past practice or as required pursuant to
               existing Benefit Plans, enter into or modify any such Benefit
               Plans, or grant any bonuses, salary increases, stock options,
               pension or supplemental pension benefits, profit sharing,
               retirement allowances, deferred or other compensation,
               incentive


<PAGE>



               compensation, severance or termination pay to, or make any loan
               to, any of its directors, officers, employees, consultants,
               contractors or agents; and

          (ii) except as set forth in the capital budgets of the Party or its
               Material Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests that
               have been approved by such Party's Board of Directors, or where
               such Board of Directors determines, acting reasonably and after
               giving appropriate consideration to the effect on the other
               Parties hereto and on the transactions contemplated hereby,
               that it is in the best interests and necessary course of
               business of such Party and its Material Subsidiaries and
               Material Joint Venture Interests, taken as a whole, that it so
               reallocate or incur or commit to such capital expenditures
               without obtaining the written consent of the other Parties,
               reallocate capital expenditures among categories within such
               budgets, or incur or commit to capital expenditures, prior to
               the Effective Date, individually or in the aggregate exceeding
               U.S.$10,000,000;

     (d)  it shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to cause its current
          insurance policies and those of its Material Subsidiaries and
          Material Joint Venture Interests, including directors' and officers'
          insurance or re-insurance policies, not to be cancelled or
          terminated or any of the coverage thereunder to lapse, unless
          simultaneously with such termination, cancellation or lapse,
          replacement policies underwritten by insurance and re-insurance
          companies of nationally recognized standing providing coverage equal
          to or greater than the coverage under the cancelled, terminated or
          lapsed policies for substantially similar premiums or premiums
          consistent with then current industry premium experience are in full
          force and effect; provided that nothing in this Section shall limit:

          (i)  the Parties' ability to purchase and maintain six year run-off
               directors' and officers' insurance for the benefit of its
               directors and officers and those of its Subsidiaries or
               Material Joint Venture Interests; and

          (ii) Kinross' obligations pursuant to Section 4.9(2)(b);

     (e)  it shall:

          (i)  use its reasonable commercial efforts, and cause each of its
               Material Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture Interests to
               use its reasonable commercial efforts, to preserve intact its
               business organizations and goodwill, to keep available the
               services of its officers and employees as a group and to
               maintain existing relationships with suppliers, consultants,
               joint venture participants, partners, professional advisors,
               agents, distributors, customers, Governmental Entities and
               others having business relationships with it, its Material
               Subsidiaries and its Material Joint Venture Interests;


<PAGE>



          (ii) not take any action, or permit any of its Subsidiaries or
               Material Joint Venture Interests to take any action, that would
               or reasonably may be expected to render (1) any representation
               or warranty made by it in this Agreement that is qualified as
               to materiality untrue or (2) any of such representations and
               warranties that are not so qualified untrue in any Material
               respect; and

         (iii) to the extent it has knowledge thereof, promptly notify the
               other Parties of (1) any Material Adverse Change, or any change
               which could reasonably be expected to become a Material Adverse
               Change, and (2) any Governmental Entity or third party
               complaints, investigations or hearings (or communications
               indicating that the same may be contemplated) which are
               Material;

     (f)  it shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and Material
          Joint Venture Interests not to, settle or compromise any claim
          brought by any present, former or purported holder of any of its
          securities in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
          Agreement or the Combination prior to the Effective Date;

     (g)  except in the usual, ordinary and regular course of business and
          consistent with past practice, or except as required by applicable
          Laws, it shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and
          Material Joint Venture Interests not to, enter into or modify any
          contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement which new contract or
          series of related new contracts or modification to an existing
          contract or series of related existing contracts would be Material
          to that Party or would have a Material Adverse Effect;

     (h)  it shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries or
          Material Joint Venture Interests to, take any action, or permit any
          action to be taken on its behalf, and it shall, and shall cause its
          Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests to, refrain from
          taking any action which, in either case, if taken, would be
          inconsistent with this Agreement or which would interfere with or be
          inconsistent with or would reasonably be expected to significantly
          impede the completion of the Combination or any of the transactions
          contemplated hereby;

     (i)  to the extent it has knowledge thereof, it shall, in all Material
          respects, conduct itself so as to keep the other Parties fully
          informed as to the Material decisions or actions made or required to
          be made with respect to the operation of its business and that of
          its Material Subsidiaries and Material Joint Venture Interests,
          provided that such disclosure is not otherwise prohibited by reason
          of a confidentiality obligation owed to a third party for which a
          waiver could not reasonably be obtained and provided further that no
          such disclosure is required in respect to competitively sensitive
          information relating to properties, areas or projects where the
          Parties are competitors;

     (j)  it shall cause its nominees on the board of directors or management
          or operating committee of each Material Joint Venture Interest,
          subject to fulfilment of the


<PAGE>



          fiduciary duties to which any such nominee is subject, applicable
          Law and any existing contractual obligations, to perform such acts
          and to do such other things consistent with the foregoing as if they
          applied to the Material Joint Venture Interest;

     (k)  it shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to conduct its
          affairs and those of its Material Subsidiaries and Material Joint
          Venture Interests so that all of its representations and warranties
          contained herein shall be true and correct in all Material respects
          on and as of the Effective Date as if made thereon (except to the
          extent that any such representations and warranties speak as of an
          earlier date or except as affected by transactions contemplated or
          permitted by this Agreement or except for any failures or breaches
          of representations and warranties which individually or in the
          aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Party or
          materially impede the completion of the Combination or the other
          transactions contemplated hereby); and

     (l)  it shall not make any change to existing accounting practices,
          except as the regular, independent auditors advise in writing are
          required by applicable Laws, GAAP or United States generally
          accepted accounting principles, as applicable, or write up, down or
          off the book value of any assets in an amount that in the aggregate
          would exceed $1,000,000, except where required for compliance with
          GAAP or United States generally accepted accounting principles, as
          applicable.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 4.3(b)(vi) and (vii)
and Section 4.3(c)(ii), where a Party is obliged to approve a budget,
operating plan or other business plan (or an amendment thereto) for a Material
Joint Venture Interest in circumstances where it is subject to confidentiality
obligations which preclude it from disclosing the subject matter of such
budget or plan (or amendment) to the other Parties and where it is therefore
effectively precluded from seeking the consent of the other Parties thereto,
such Party shall be entitled to give or refrain from giving such approval
without obtaining the prior written consent of the other Parties as long as it
has concluded, acting reasonably, that the approval given by it is in the best
interests of such Material Joint Venture Interest.

4.4  Mutual Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation

     (1)  No Party shall, or shall permit any of its Subsidiaries or Material
          Joint Venture Interests (to the extent that such Party has the power
          to do so with respect to its Material Joint Venture Interests) to,
          directly or indirectly, through any officer, director, employee,
          advisor, representative or agent, solicit, initiate, facilitate or
          knowingly encourage (including by way of furnishing information or
          entering into any form of agreement, arrangement or understanding)
          the initiation of an Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that
          nothing contained in this Section or the other provisions of this
          Agreement shall prevent the Board of Directors of any Party which
          receives an unsolicited bona fide Acquisition Proposal in respect of
          that Party, from considering, negotiating, approving or recommending
          to its shareholders an Acquisition Proposal:


<PAGE>



          (a)  in respect of which any required financing has been
               demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Board of Directors of
               the Party subject to the Acquisition Proposal, acting in good
               faith, to be reasonably likely to be obtained;

          (b)  which is not subject to a due diligence access condition which
               allows access to the books, records and personnel of the Party
               subject to the Acquisition Proposal or any of its Material
               Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests or their
               representatives beyond 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the tenth
               Business Day after which access is afforded to the Person
               making the Acquisition Proposal (provided, however, that the
               foregoing shall not restrict the ability of such Person to
               continue to review information properly provided to such
               Person);

          (c)  in respect of which the Board of Directors of the Party subject
               to the Acquisition Proposal receives an opinion of counsel,
               that is reflected in the minutes of such Board of Directors,
               that it is required to consider the Acquisition Proposal in
               order to discharge properly its fiduciary duties; and

          (d)  which the Board of Directors of the Party subject to the
               Acquisition Proposal determines in good faith, after
               consultation with its financial advisors, would, if consummated
               in accordance with its terms (but not assuming away any risk of
               non-completion), result in a transaction (1) more favourable to
               its shareholders than the Combination, (2) having consideration
               with a value greater than the value of the consideration
               provided by the Combination, and (3) is reasonably capable of
               being completed within a reasonable period of time (any such
               Acquisition Proposal being referred to herein as a "Superior
               Proposal").

     (2)  Subject to the ability of the Party to carry on business in
          accordance with Section 4.3, each Party shall immediately cease and
          cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with
          any party (other than the other Parties) with respect to any
          potential Acquisition Proposal. Each Party agrees not to release any
          third party from any confidentiality agreement to which such third
          party is a party. Each Party further agrees not to waive the
          operation of, or release any third party from, any standstill
          agreement or provision to which such third party is a party unless
          concurrently therewith such third party makes a Superior Proposal.
          Each Party shall immediately request the return or destruction of
          all information provided to any third party which, at any time since
          January 1, 2001, has entered into a confidentiality agreement with
          such Party relating to an Acquisition Proposal and shall use all
          reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that such requests are
          honoured.

     (3)  Each Party shall promptly notify the other Parties orally and in
          writing of any Acquisition Proposal of which a director or officer
          of the Party or a Material Subsidiary hereafter becomes aware, or
          any amendment to the foregoing, or any request for non-public
          information relating to a Party or any of its Material Subsidiaries
          or Material Joint


<PAGE>



          Venture Interests, as the case may be, in connection with such an
          Acquisition Proposal or for access to the properties, books or
          records of such Party or any Material Subsidiary or Material Joint
          Venture Interests, by any Person that informs such Party or such
          Material Subsidiary that it is considering making, or has made, an
          Acquisition Proposal. Such written notice shall include a copy of
          any such written Acquisition Proposal and all amendments thereto.

     (4)  If any Party receives a request for material non-public information
          from a Person who makes a bona fide Acquisition Proposal and the
          Board of Directors of such Party determines that such proposal, if
          consummated, would be a Superior Proposal pursuant to subsection
          (1), assuming the satisfactory outcome of a due diligence condition
          which conforms to clause (1)(b), then, and only in such case, the
          Board of Directors of such Party may, subject to the execution by
          such Person of a confidentiality agreement containing standstill
          provisions substantially the same as those contained in the
          Confidentiality Agreement, provide such Person with access in
          accordance with subsection (1) to information regarding such Party,
          acting reasonably; provided, however, that the Person making the
          Acquisition Proposal shall not be precluded thereunder from making
          the Acquisition Proposal, and provided further that such Party sends
          a copy of any such confidentiality agreement to each other Party
          immediately upon its execution and each other Party is immediately
          provided with a list and, upon request, copies of all information
          provided to such Person not previously provided to such other Party
          and is immediately provided with access to information similar to
          that which was provided to such Person.

     (5)  Each Party shall ensure that its officers, directors and employees
          and those of its Material Subsidiaries and any financial, legal or
          other advisors or representatives retained by each Party are aware
          of the provisions of this Section, and such Party shall be
          responsible for any breach of this Section by its financial, legal
          or other advisors or representatives.

4.5  Notice of Superior Proposal Determination

(1)  No Party shall accept, approve, recommend or enter into any agreement,
     arrangement or understanding to implement a Superior Proposal (other than
     a confidentiality agreement) without:

     (a)  complying fully with the provisions of Section 4.4;

     (b)  providing to each other Party (i) written notice that the Board of
          Directors of such Party has determined that it has received and is
          prepared to accept a Superior Proposal, and (ii) a copy of any
          agreement in respect of such Superior Proposal as executed by the
          Person making the Superior Proposal, in each case as soon as
          possible but in any event not less than five Business Days prior to
          acceptance of the Superior Proposal by the Board of Directors of
          such Party;

     (c)  if such five Business Day period would not terminate on or before
          the date fixed for such Party's Meeting, such Party shall either
          adjourn its Meeting to a date that is not less than two nor more
          than five Business Days after the expiration of the


<PAGE>



          five Business Day period or obtain the waiver of each of the other
          Parties of the obligation to do so;

     (d)  providing each other Party with an opportunity (but not the
          obligation), before the expiration of such five Business Day period,
          to propose to amend this Agreement to provide for consideration
          having a value and financial and other terms equivalent to or more
          favourable to the shareholders of such Party than those contained in
          such Superior Proposal with the result that the Superior Proposal
          would cease to be a Superior Proposal; and

     (e)  terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(e).

(2)  In the event that the other Parties agree to amend this Agreement in the
     manner described in clause (d), but otherwise on terms substantially the
     same as the terms of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of such Party
     shall consider the terms of the amendment, and if it concludes the
     Superior Proposal is no longer a Superior Proposal such Party shall not
     implement the proposed Superior Proposal and may not terminate this
     Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(e), and shall agree to the amendments
     to this Agreement.

(3)  In the event that the other Parties do not agree to amend this Agreement
     as contemplated by subsection (2) and immediately prior to the
     termination of this Agreement such Superior Proposal constitutes a
     Superior Proposal in comparison with the terms hereof or of any proposal
     made by the Parties to amend this Agreement, such Party may terminate
     this Agreement in accordance with Section 8.1(e) and thereafter may enter
     into an agreement in order to implement the Superior Proposal.

(4)  The provision of information by one Party to another Party or other
     Parties hereunder shall be "Proprietary Information" as defined in, and
     shall be governed by and subject to the terms and conditions of, the
     provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement.

4.6  Access to Information and Confidentiality

     Subject to the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement and applicable
Laws and subject to obtaining any required third party consents, upon
reasonable notice, each Party shall (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to) afford the other Parties' officers, employees, legal counsel, financial
advisors, accountants and other authorized representatives and advisors
access, during normal business hours from the date hereof and until the
earlier of the Effective Date and the termination of this Agreement, to its
properties, books, contracts and records as well as to its management
personnel, and during such period each Party shall (and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to the other Parties all material
filings with Governmental Entities and all material information concerning its
business, properties and personnel as the other Parties may reasonably
request. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that all information furnished
pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall be "Proprietary Information"
as defined in, and shall be subject to, the provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement.


<PAGE>



4.7  Mutual Standstill Provisions

     Except as contemplated by this Agreement, prior to the Effective Date, no
Party will, or will permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

     (a)  acquire, directly or indirectly, by purchase or otherwise, any
          voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for
          voting securities, or direct or indirect rights or options to
          acquire any voting securities, of another Party hereto;

     (b)  make, or in any way participate, directly or indirectly, in any
          solicitation of proxies to vote, or seek to advise or influence any
          other Person or entity with respect to the voting of, any voting
          securities of another Party hereto;

     (c)  otherwise act, either alone or jointly or in concert with any other
          Person, to seek to control the management, Board of Directors or
          policies of another Party hereto; or

     (d)  discuss with any other Person any proposal with respect to another
          Party hereto, that involves or would involve any of the foregoing;

without that other Party's prior express written consent. A Party's (the
"first mentioned Party") obligations with respect to another Party to this
Agreement (the "second mentioned Party") under the provisions of this Section
shall terminate immediately upon the earliest of:

     (1)  12 months from the date on which this Agreement is first executed;

     (2)  the date on which the Board of Directors of the second mentioned
          Party

          (i)  has withdrawn or changed any of its recommendations or
               determinations referred to in Section 3.1 in a manner
               materially adverse to the other Parties or which would
               materially impede the completion of the Combination or shall
               have resolved to do so for any reason other than:

               (a)  a breach by the first mentioned Party of any of its
                    representations, warranties or covenants herein contained
                    in any Material respect or the occurrence of a Material
                    Adverse Change with respect to the first mentioned Party;
                    or

               (b)  a withdrawal or change resulting solely because the
                    financial advisor to such Party has withdrawn or adversely
                    amended its opinion referred to in Section 3.1(c);

          (ii) has agreed to a Superior Proposal with a third party; or

         (iii) has agreed to support such a transaction; and

     (3)  the date on which a bona fide Acquisition Proposal is publicly
          announced, proposed, offered or made to the shareholders of the
          second mentioned Party.


<PAGE>


For greater certainty, the entering into by Kinross and Echo Bay of the
Kinross Lock-Up Agreement, the entering into by Echo Bay of the Newmont
Lock-Up Agreement and the McCoy/Cove Purchase Agreement, the entering into by
TVX of the Beech Lock-Up Agreement and the TVX NA Purchase Agreement, the
exercise by TVX of its rights pursuant to the TVX NA Joint Venture Agreements,
the transactions contemplated hereby and the participation by each of the
Parties in the solicitation of proxies in respect of any of the Meetings in
favour of the Combination is expressly agreed to by each of the Parties.

4.8  Covenants in Respect of the Combination

     Each Party covenants and agrees that, except as otherwise contemplated in
this Agreement, until the earlier of the Effective Date and the date upon
which this Agreement is terminated, it will:

     (a)  in a timely and expeditious manner, take all necessary actions in
          order to enable it to participate in the Combination and use all
          commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy (or cause the
          satisfaction of) the conditions precedent to its obligations
          hereunder as set forth in Article 5 to the extent the same are
          within its control; take, or cause to be taken, all other actions
          and do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary, proper or
          advisable under all applicable Laws to complete the Combination,
          including using its commercially reasonable efforts to:

          (i)  obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals required
               to be obtained by it from other parties to loan agreements,
               joint venture agreements, partnership agreements, leases,
               licences and other contracts;

          (ii) make or co-operate as necessary in the making of all necessary
               filings and applications under all applicable Laws required in
               connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and obtain
               all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations as are
               required to be obtained by it under any applicable Laws
               including the Regulatory Approvals;

         (iii) effect all necessary registrations, filings, applications and
               submissions of information requested by Governmental Entities
               required to be effected by it in connection with the
               Combination and, if necessary, participate and appear in any
               proceedings of any Party before or by any Governmental Entity;

          (iv) oppose, lift or rescind any injunction or restraining order or
               other order or action seeking to stop, or otherwise adversely
               affecting the ability of the Parties to consummate, the
               transactions contemplated hereby or by the Combination; and

          (v)  co-operate with each of the other Parties in connection with
               the performance by it of its obligations hereunder; and

          (vi) cause the share exchange effected by the Parties pursuant to
               the Arrangement to qualify as one or more reorganizations
               described in


<PAGE>


               Section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code and not take actions or
               cause actions to be taken that could reasonably be expected to
               disqualify the share exchange effected by the Party pursuant to
               the Arrangement as a reorganization under the provisions of
               Section 368(a) of the U.S. Tax Code;

     (b)  in the case of Kinross, cause the organization of Kinross Subco and
          subscribe for common shares in the capital of Kinross Subco, which
          shares shall be the sole issued and outstanding shares in the
          capital of Kinross Subco from the date of issue to the Effective
          Date;

     (c)  issue jointly with the other Parties the Announcement Press Release
          as soon as practicable, which release is in a form acceptable to all
          Parties, and file a copy of the Announcement Press Release, a
          material change report and any other documents with applicable
          regulatory authorities as required;

     (d)  in the case of Kinross, cause Kinross Subco to notify the Director
          under the CBCA of and apply for the Interim Order and in the case of
          each of TVX and Echo Bay, join in such application;

     (e)  assist and co-operate in the preparation and filing with all
          applicable securities commissions or similar securities regulatory
          authorities of Canada and the United States of all necessary
          applications to seek exemptions, if required, from the prospectus,
          registration and other requirements of the applicable securities
          Laws of Canada and any province or territory thereof and the United
          States and any state thereof for the calling of the Meetings, the
          Kinross Financing, the issue by Kinross of Kinross Shares in
          exchange for the Kinross Common Shares (if applicable), the TVX
          Common Shares and the Echo Bay Common Shares pursuant to the
          Combination and the resale of such Kinross Shares (other than by
          control Persons and subject to requirements of general application);

     (f)  in a timely and expeditious manner:

          (i)  prepare, in consultation with the other Parties, and file the
               Joint Information Circular with respect to the Meetings in all
               jurisdictions where the same is required to be filed and mail
               the same in accordance with the requirements of all applicable
               Laws and as specified by the Interim Order, in all
               jurisdictions where the same is required, complying in all
               material respects with all applicable Laws in effect on the
               date of mailing thereof and not containing any
               misrepresentation, as defined under such applicable Laws, with
               respect to such Party, its Material Subsidiaries and its
               Material Joint Venture Interests, taken as a whole;

          (ii) convene its Meeting;

         (iii) provide notice to each of the other Parties of its Meeting and
               allow representatives of the other Parties to attend its
               Meeting; and


<PAGE>


          (iv) hold and conduct its Meeting in accordance with the articles
               and by-laws of the Party and any instrument governing such
               Meeting, as applicable, and as otherwise required by applicable
               Laws and as specified by the Interim Order;

     (g)  in a timely and expeditious manner, prepare, in consultation with
          the other Parties, and file any amendments or supplements to the
          Joint Information Circular with respect to the Meetings which are
          mutually agreed or otherwise required by applicable Laws in all
          jurisdictions where the same are required to be filed and mail the
          same in accordance with the requirements of all applicable Laws and
          as specified by the Interim Order, complying in all material
          respects with all applicable Laws in effect on the date of mailing
          thereof;

     (h)  in the case of Kinross, in a timely and expeditious manner, take all
          steps necessary or advisable in order to obtain the listing on The
          Toronto Stock Exchange and on the American Stock Exchange, and to
          use its best efforts to obtain the listing of the Kinross Shares on
          the New York Stock Exchange, of the Kinross Shares issued or to be
          issued on or in respect of the completion of the Combination;

     (i)  except for executed forms of proxy and other non-substantive
          communications, furnish promptly to the other Parties a copy of each
          notice, report, schedule or other document or communication
          delivered, filed or received by, to, with or from (as applicable)
          the Party under applicable Laws or otherwise, and any reports of
          dealings with, regulatory agencies or other Governmental Entities,
          in connection with the Combination or any of the transactions
          contemplated hereby;

     (j)  in the case of Kinross, subject to the approval of the Arrangement
          in accordance with the provisions of the Interim Order at the TVX
          Meeting and at the Echo Bay Meeting, cause Kinross Subco to
          forthwith proceed with and diligently prosecute an application for
          the Final Order and in the case of TVX and Echo Bay, join in such
          application;

     (k)  in the case of Kinross, subject to the approval of the Kinross Share
          Consolidation at the Kinross Meeting, file the Articles of Amendment
          with the Director under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario);

     (l)  in the case of Kinross, cause Kinross Subco forthwith to carry out
          the terms of the Interim Order and the Final Order and, subject to
          the receipt of the Final Order and the satisfaction of any
          applicable conditions precedent, cause Kinross Subco to file the
          Articles of Arrangement with the Director under the CBCA in order
          for the Arrangement to become effective;

     (m)  in the case of TVX and Echo Bay, carry out the terms of the Interim
          Order and the Final Order and, subject to the receipt of the Final
          Order and the satisfaction of any applicable conditions precedent,
          join with Kinross Subco in the filing of the


<PAGE>



          Articles of Arrangement with the Director under the CBCA in order
          for the Arrangement to become effective;

     (n)  in the case of Kinross and TVX, cause the Purchase to be completed;
          and

     (o)  in the case of Kinross, as soon as practicable after the Effective
          Date, provide or cause to be provided certificates representing the
          appropriate number of Kinross Shares to the former holders of the
          Kinross Common Shares (if the Kinross Share Consolidation is
          approved) and to the former holders of the Echo Bay Common Shares
          and of the TVX Common Shares. Fractions of Kinross Shares shall not
          be issued, but in lieu thereof Kinross shall pay to each Person who
          would otherwise receive fractional Kinross Shares an amount
          determined by reference to the volume weighted average price of
          Kinross Shares on The Toronto Stock Exchange on the first five
          trading days on which such shares trade on such exchange following
          the Effective Date.

4.9  Further Covenants of Kinross

(1)  Kinross covenants and agrees that, on the date of the filing of the Joint
     Information Circular with the SEC and on the Effective Date, it shall
     execute and deliver a customary letter of representation to each of Echo
     Bay and TVX in form and substance satisfactory to Echo Bay and to TVX,
     respectively, acting reasonably, which representation letters may be
     provided by Echo Bay and TVX to their respective U.S. counsel in
     connection with the opinions being requested of such counsel to the
     effect that the share exchange effected by Kinross with the shareholders
     of each of Echo Bay and TVX pursuant to the Arrangement will not cause
     recognition of income or gain by Echo Bay or the U.S. shareholders of
     Echo Bay or by TVX or the U.S. shareholders of TVX, as the case may be.

(2)  Kinross covenants and agrees that, as of the Effective Date and following
     the completion of the Combination:

     (a)  it shall have and maintain in force directors' and officers'
          insurance or reinsurance policies in respect of the directors and
          officers of Kinross and its Subsidiaries providing coverage
          substantially similar in all material respects to the coverage
          provided by the directors' and officers' insurance or reinsurance
          policies maintained by Kinross;

     (b)  except to the extent that the Parties have purchased such insurance,
          and to the extent possible, it shall have and maintain six year
          run-off directors' and officers' insurance policies for the benefit
          of each individual who ceases to be a director or officer of a Party
          or a Subsidiary or a Material Joint Venture Interest by reason of or
          on the implementation of the Combination; and

     (c)  it shall execute a supplemental indenture by which it assumes Echo
          Bay's due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant
          and condition of the Warrant Indenture in accordance with its terms
          and shall take all corporate action


<PAGE>



          necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of Kinross
          Shares for delivery upon exercise of the warrants referred to
          therein.

4.10 Further Covenants of Kinross, Echo Bay and TVX

     Each of Kinross, in respect of the Kinross Lock-Up Agreement, Echo Bay,
in respect of the Kinross Lock-Up Agreement, the McCoy/Cove Purchase Agreement
and the Newmont Lock-Up Agreement and TVX, in respect of the Beech Lock-Up
Agreement and the TVX NA Purchase Agreement, covenants and agrees with the
other Parties that it will not amend or permit the amendment of the terms of
the relevant agreement and it will enforce and not vary or waive any of the
terms of the relevant agreement without, in each case, the prior written
consent of the other Parties.

4.11 Stock Options

(1)  As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Board of
     Directors of TVX and the Board of Directors of Echo Bay, as applicable
     (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the option plans of TVX
     or Echo Bay, as applicable), shall adopt such resolutions or take such
     other actions (including, without limitation, amending such plans by
     resolution or court order) as may be required to effect the following:

     (a)  adjust the terms of all outstanding stock options granted by TVX and
          Echo Bay, as applicable, and the terms of the stock option plans of
          TVX and Echo Bay, as applicable, to provide that, at the
          Combination, each stock option granted by TVX or Echo Bay, as
          applicable, outstanding immediately prior to the Combination shall
          be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on substantially
          identical terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock
          option, the same number of Kinross Shares as the holder of such
          stock option would have been entitled to receive pursuant to the
          Combination had such holder exercised such stock option in full
          immediately prior to the Combination, at a price per share equal to
          (i) the aggregate exercise price for the TVX Common Shares or Echo
          Bay Common Shares, as applicable, otherwise purchasable pursuant to
          such stock option divided by (ii) the number of Kinross Shares
          deemed purchasable pursuant to such stock option; and

     (b)  make such other changes to the stock option plans of TVX and Echo
          Bay, as applicable, and stock options awarded thereunder, as
          applicable, as they deem appropriate to give effect to the
          Combination.

(2)  On the Effective Date, subject to obtaining any shareholder approval
     required by applicable Laws for the Kinross Share Issuance described in
     paragraph (b) of that definition, Kinross shall be deemed to assume, and
     shall thereafter comply with the terms of, the stock option plans of TVX
     and Echo Bay. As soon as practicable after the Combination, Kinross shall
     deliver to the holders of stock options issued by TVX or


<PAGE>



     Echo Bay, as applicable, appropriate notices setting forth such holders'
     rights pursuant to the respective stock option plans, and the agreements
     evidencing the grants of such stock options shall continue in effect on
     the same terms and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by
     this Section after giving effect to the Combination). Kinross shall
     recognize service with TVX or Echo Bay, as the case may be, or their
     respective Subsidiaries for all purposes of the stock options and stock
     option plans assumed in accordance with this Section.

(3)  Kinross shall take all corporate action necessary, including seeking any
     required shareholder approval required by applicable Laws for the Kinross
     Share Issuance described in paragraph (b) of that definition, to reserve
     for issuance a sufficient number of Kinross Shares for delivery upon
     exercise of the stock options issued by TVX or Echo Bay, as applicable,
     assumed in accordance with this Section.

(4)  Kinross shall prepare and file with the Canadian Provincial Authorities,
     the SEC and the stock exchanges on which the Kinross Shares are listed,
     all necessary reports, applications, registration statements,
     prospectuses or other documents required in order to permit the issuance
     of Kinross Shares upon exercise of stock options issued by TVX or Echo
     Bay and the free and unrestricted transferability of such Kinross Shares
     after such issuance.

4.12 Employee Matters

(1)  For a period of one year after the Effective Date, Kinross shall, or
     shall cause its Subsidiaries to, provide benefits to those persons who
     are employees of Echo Bay and its Subsidiaries ("Echo Bay Employees") and
     those persons who are employees of TVX, the TVX NA Joint Venture and
     TVX's Subsidiaries ("TVX Employees") immediately prior to the Combination
     and who continue to be employees of Kinross, TVX, Echo Bay or their
     Subsidiaries or Material Joint Venture Interests following the Effective
     Date (a) that are comparable in the aggregate to those provided to such
     employees under the Benefit Plans of Echo Bay and its Subsidiaries (other
     than benefits providing for the issuance of Echo Bay Common Shares or
     based on the value of Echo Bay Common Shares) ("Echo Bay Benefit Plans")
     and the Benefit Plans of TVX and its Subsidiaries (other than benefits
     providing for the issuance of TVX Common Shares or based on the value of
     TVX Common Shares) ("TVX Benefit Plans"), as applicable, at the benefit
     levels in effect as of the date of this Agreement and (b) with respect to
     Benefit Plans providing for the issuance of Kinross Shares or that are
     based on the value of Kinross Shares, that are comparable in the
     aggregate to those provided to similarly situated employees of Kinross
     and its Subsidiaries.

(2)  For a period of one year after the Effective Date (or for the length of
     time required by an applicable individual agreement in effect as of the
     date of this Agreement, if different), Kinross shall, and shall cause its
     Subsidiaries to, honour in accordance with their respective terms (as in
     effect on the date of this Agreement) all TVX and Echo Bay employment,
     severance, change of control and termination agreements, plans and
     policies which have been disclosed to Kinross.


<PAGE>


(3)  With respect to any Benefit Plan maintained by Kinross or any of its
     Subsidiaries (including any severance plan or policy), for all purposes,
     including determining eligibility to participate, level of benefits and
     vesting, service with Echo Bay or any of its Subsidiaries or TVX or any
     of its Subsidiaries, as applicable (or any predecessor employer of an
     employee of Echo Bay or any of its Subsidiaries or TVX or any of its
     Subsidiaries, as applicable, to the extent service with such predecessor
     employer is recognized by Echo Bay or its applicable Subsidiary or TVX or
     its applicable Subsidiary) prior to the Combination shall be treated as
     service with Kinross or its Subsidiaries; provided however that such
     service need not be recognized to the extent that such recognition would
     result in any duplication of benefits.


(4)  For purposes of each Benefit Plan of Kinross or its Subsidiaries, Kinross
     and its Subsidiaries shall use all reasonable efforts to cause all
     pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements of
     such plans to be waived for Echo Bay Employees and TVX Employees and
     their covered dependents (other than pre-existing condition exclusions or
     waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to such employees
     and dependents under the Echo Bay Benefit Plans or the TVX Benefit Plans,
     as applicable, and that have not been satisfied as of the date such
     employees and dependents commence participation in such benefit plans of
     Kinross and its Subsidiaries). Kinross and its Subsidiaries shall give
     full credit for all co-payments and deductibles to the extent satisfied
     in the plan year in which the Combination occurs (or the year in which
     Echo Bay Employees or TVX Employees, as applicable, and their dependents
     commence participation in the benefit plans of Kinross and its
     Subsidiaries, if later) as if there had been a single continuous
     employer.

(5)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of subsections (1) through
     (3) shall not apply to TVX Employees or Echo Bay Employees who are
     members of a labour union or other similar bargaining unit or are parties
     to or the beneficiaries of a collective agreement with respect to their
     employment or who have organized to be covered by any such labour union
     or other similar bargaining unit or collective agreement.

4.13 Merger of Covenants

     Except as to the contrary expressly required by the terms thereof, the
covenants set out in this Agreement shall not survive the completion of the
Combination, and shall expire and be terminated without recourse between the
Parties upon such completion.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                                  CONDITIONS

5.1  Mutual Conditions

     The obligations of the Parties to complete the transactions contemplated
hereby are subject to the fulfilment or waiver of the following conditions on
or before the Effective Date or such other time prior thereto as is specified
below:


<PAGE>


     (a)  the Interim Order shall have been granted in form and substance
          acceptable to the Parties, acting reasonably, and shall not have
          been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to any of the
          Parties, acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise;

     (b)  the holders of the Kinross Common Shares shall have approved, if and
          as required by applicable Laws, the Kinross Share Issuance and the
          election as directors of Kinross as of the Effective Date the
          individuals named in Schedule 4.1 or such other individuals
          acceptable to TVX and Echo Bay in their discretion;

     (c)  the Arrangement shall have received the approval of the shareholders
          of each of TVX and Echo Bay required by applicable Laws;

     (d)  the Purchase shall have been completed;

     (e)  the Final Order shall have been granted in form and substance
          acceptable to the Parties, acting reasonably, and shall not have
          been set aside or modified in a manner unacceptable to any of the
          Parties, acting reasonably, on appeal or otherwise;

     (f)  there shall be no proceeding of a juridical or administrative nature
          or otherwise, brought by or before a Governmental Entity in progress
          that if successful, or any Law proposed, enacted, promulgated or
          applied that would result in an order, ruling, judgement or decree,
          which:

          (i)  makes illegal or otherwise directly or indirectly restrains,
               enjoins or prohibits the Combination or any other material
               transaction contemplated hereby or in the Pre-Combination
               Steps; or

          (ii) results in a judgement or assessment of damages, directly or
               indirectly, relating to the transactions contemplated hereby
               which causes a Material Adverse Effect on the Party to which it
               applies;

          (g)  all other Regulatory Approvals and approvals of any other
               Person, and the expiry of any waiting periods, in connection
               with, or required to permit, the completion of the Combination,
               the failure to obtain which or the non-expiry of which would
               cause a Material Adverse Effect on any of the Parties or
               materially impede the completion of the Combination, shall have
               been obtained or received on terms which will not cause a
               Material Adverse Effect on any of the Parties or shall have
               occurred, and reasonably satisfactory evidence thereof shall
               have been delivered to each Party;

          (h)  without limiting the scope of the condition in paragraph (g),
               either:

               (i)  the applicable waiting period under Section 123 of the
                    Competition Act shall have expired without the Competition
                    Commissioner (the "Competition Commissioner") appointed
                    under the Competition Act having given notice that he
                    intends to make an application to the


<PAGE>


                    Competition Tribunal for an order under Section 92 or 100
                    of the Competition Act in respect of the Arrangement; or

               (ii) the Competition Commissioner shall have issued an advance
                    ruling certificate under Section 102 of the Competition
                    Act in respect of the Arrangement; and

               the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have
               expired or been earlier terminated;

          (i)  the Kinross Shares to be issued pursuant to the Combination
               shall have been conditionally approved for listing on The
               Toronto Stock Exchange and on either the American Stock
               Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange, as applicable, subject
               to the filing of required documentation; any required
               prospectus, registration or similar exemptions shall have been
               obtained; and such securities shall not be subject to resale
               restrictions in Canada and the United States other than in
               respect of control Persons and subject to requirements of
               general application;

          (j)  rights of dissent in relation to the Arrangement by which the
               Combination is effected shall not have been exercised by the
               holders of more than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of
               any Party the shareholders of which are entitled by Law or
               under the Plan of Arrangement to exercise such rights; and

          (k)  this Agreement shall not have been terminated pursuant to
               Article 8.

     The foregoing conditions are for the mutual benefit of each of the
Parties and may be waived, in whole or in part, by any Party at any time,
provided that no Party may waive any mutual condition on behalf of any other
Party.

5.2  Several Conditions

     The obligation of each Party to complete the transactions contemplated
hereby is subject to the fulfilment by each of the other Parties of the
following conditions on or before the Effective Date or such other time prior
thereto as is specified below:

     (a)  the representations and warranties made to such Party by each of the
          other Parties in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the
          Effective Date as if made on and as of such date (except to the
          extent that any such representations and warranties speak as of an
          earlier date or except as affected by transactions contemplated or
          permitted by this Agreement or except for any failures or breaches
          of representations and warranties which in the reasonable judgement
          of such Party, individually or in the aggregate would not have a
          Material Adverse Effect on any other Party or materially impede the
          completion of the Combination or the other transactions contemplated
          hereby), and each Party shall have provided to the others a
          certificate of two senior officers of such Party certifying, in such
          capacity and not personally, such accuracy and completeness on the
          Effective Date;


<PAGE>


     (b)  each of the other Parties shall have complied with its covenants
          herein, if, in the reasonable judgement of such Party for whose
          benefit the covenant was given, the failure to comply with such
          covenants would individually or in the aggregate have a Material
          Adverse Effect on any other Party or materially impede the
          completion of the Combination or the other transactions contemplated
          in this Agreement, and on the Effective Date each Party shall have
          provided to the others a certificate of two senior officers of such
          Party certifying, in such capacity and not personally, that the
          Party has so complied with its covenants herein; and

     (c)  from the date hereof up to and including the Effective Date, there
          shall have been no change, condition, event or occurrence which, in
          the reasonable judgement of such Party, has or is reasonably likely
          to have a Material Adverse Effect on any other Party, on the
          Combination or on the combined business that will result from the
          completion of the Combination.

     The foregoing conditions precedent are for the benefit of each Party and
may be waived, in whole or in part, by such Party in writing at any time.

5.3  Notice of Breach

     Each Party will give prompt notice to the other Parties of the
occurrence, or failure to occur, at any time from the date hereof until the
Effective Date, of any event or state of facts which occurrence or failure to
occur would, or would be likely to:

     (a)  cause any of the representations or warranties of such Party
          contained herein to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect
          on the date hereof or at the Effective Date; or

     (b)  result in the failure by such Party to comply with or satisfy any
          covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by
          it hereunder prior to the Effective Date.

5.4  Merger of Conditions

     The conditions set out in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 and the provisions of
Section 5.3 shall be conclusively deemed to have been satisfied, waived or
released upon the filing of the Articles of Arrangement as contemplated by
this Agreement.


<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE 6
                                   AMENDMENT

6.1  Amendment

     This Agreement may, at any time and from time to time before or after the
holding of the Meetings, be amended by mutual written agreement of the Parties
without further notice to or authorization on the part of their respective
shareholders, provided that:

     (a)  notwithstanding the foregoing, the number of Kinross Shares which
          the holders of shares of each of the Parties shall have the right to
          receive or retain on the Combination may not be varied without the
          approval of the shareholders of each of the Parties given in the
          same manner as required for the approval of the Kinross Share
          Consolidation or the Arrangement or as may be ordered by the Court;
          and

     (b)  any such change, waiver or modification does not invalidate any
          required security holder approval of the Combination.

                                   ARTICLE 7
                AGREEMENT AS TO DAMAGES AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS

7.1  Damages

     Provided that a Party otherwise entitled to payment pursuant to this
Section is not in default of any covenant required to be performed by it
hereunder in any Material respect and no representation or warranty made by
such other Party is untrue in any Material respect, if at any time after the
execution of this Agreement:

     (a)  the Board of Directors of a Party has withdrawn or changed any of
          its recommendations or determinations referred to in Section 3.1 in
          a manner materially adverse to the other Parties or which would
          materially impede the completion of the Combination or shall have
          resolved to do so and thereafter this Agreement is terminated
          pursuant to Section 8.1(f); or

     (b)  a bona fide Acquisition Proposal is publicly announced, proposed,
          offered or made, and is not withdrawn, to the shareholders of a
          Party or to a Party and any approval of the shareholders of such
          Party required by applicable Laws is not obtained for the requisite
          resolutions by which such Party would participate in the Combination
          or such requisite resolutions are not submitted for their approval,
          and thereafter this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8.1
          and within six months after the termination such Party approves,
          recommends, accepts or enters into a Change of Control Proposal or
          becomes a Subsidiary of a third party; or

     (c)  this Agreement is terminated by a Party pursuant to Section 8.1(e);

each of the above being a "Damages Event", then such Party (the "Defaulting
Party") shall pay to the other Parties in the aggregate $28,000,000 as
liquidated damages for a Damages Event;


<PAGE>



provided, however, in the case of Section 7.1(a), that the amount of
liquidated damages shall be $20,000,000 if the Damages Event is a withdrawal
or change by the Board of Directors of a Party of its recommendations or
determinations which occurred solely because the financial advisor to the
Party has withdrawn or adversely amended its opinion referred to in Section
3.1(c), and the Defaulting Party provides written evidence to the other
Parties that the withdrawal or change occurred solely for that reason. Such
liquidated damages shall be payable in immediately available funds paid to an
account designated by each of the other Parties within one Business Day after
the occurrence of the events described above or in the situation in which the
event is the failure of a Party to submit the requisite resolutions for
approval, within one Business Day of the Parties other than the Defaulting
Party becoming aware that the directors do not intend to submit the requisite
resolutions or the requisite resolutions have not been submitted for the
approval of its shareholders. The payment shall be allocated among and paid to
the non-Defaulting Parties or Party in equal amounts. The maximum amount of
liquidated damages payable by a Defaulting Party under this Section shall be
$28,000,000. Echo Bay shall not be required to pay damages to Kinross in
connection with a Damages Event in Section 7.1(b), in the event that the
holders of the Echo Bay Common Shares do not approve the Arrangement solely
because Kinross fails to vote its Echo Bay Common Shares in favour thereof.
TVX shall still be entitled to its share of damages payable.

7.2  Reimbursement of Expenses

     If the shareholders of any Party or Parties fail to approve the
Combination and the Combination is not completed for any reason other than the
fact that the Board of Directors of a Party has withdrawn or changed its
recommendation solely because the financial advisor to the Party has withdrawn
or adversely amended its opinion referred to in Section 3.1(c), then such
non-approving Party or Parties shall be required to reimburse the other
Parties or Party whose shareholders approved the Combination for their actual
third-party expenses incurred in connection with the Combination up to a
maximum of $2,500,000 payable to each approving Party. In the event that the
holders of the Echo Bay Common Shares do not approve the Arrangement solely
because Kinross fails to vote its Echo Bay Common Shares in favour of thereof,
Echo Bay shall not be required to make any payment under this Section.


<PAGE>



7.3  Liquidated Damages

     Each Party acknowledges that all of the payment amounts set out in this
Article are payments of liquidated damages which are a genuine pre-estimate of
the damages which the Party entitled to such damages will suffer or incur as a
result of the event giving rise to such damages and the resultant termination
of this Agreement and are not penalties. Each Party irrevocably waives any
right it may have to raise as a defence that any such liquidated damages are
excessive or punitive. For greater certainty, the Parties agree that, subject
to Article 8, the payment of the amounts determined pursuant to this Article
in the manner provided in respect thereof is the sole monetary remedy of the
Party receiving such payment in respect of the Damages Events set out in
Section 7.1. Nothing herein shall preclude a Party from seeking injunctive
relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach of the covenants or
agreements set forth in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement or
otherwise to obtain specific performance of any acts, covenants or agreements
set forth in or contemplated by this Agreement or the Confidentiality
Agreement, without the necessity of posting a bond or security in connection
therewith.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                                  TERMINATION

8.1  Termination by the Parties

     This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Date:

     (a)  by the mutual written agreement of the Parties;

     (b)  by a Party if any of the conditions for the benefit of that
          terminating Party contained in Section 5.2 is not satisfied or
          waived, provided that such terminating Party is not then in breach
          of any of its representations, warranties or covenants herein
          contained in any Material respect, but such right of termination may
          not be exercised unless the Party intending to terminate the
          Agreement on this basis has delivered written notice to the other
          Parties specifying in reasonable detail all breaches of
          representations, warranties and covenants or other matters which the
          Party delivering such notice is asserting as the basis for
          termination and the breach remains substantially uncured at the
          earlier of 30 days after the notice is given and the Initial
          Termination Date (or if extended pursuant to Section 8.2, the Final
          Termination Date);

     (c)  by any Party, if any of the conditions contained in Sections 5.1(f),
          (g) or (j) or any of the conditions for the benefit of the
          terminating Party contained in Section 5.2 becomes incapable of
          being satisfied on or before the Initial Termination Date (or if
          extended pursuant to Section 8.2, the Final Termination Date),
          provided that the terminating Party is not then in breach of any of
          its representations, warranties or covenants herein contained in any
          Material respect;

     (d)  by any Party, if, upon a vote at a duly held Meeting or any
          adjournment or postponement thereof to obtain the approval of
          holders of the Kinross Common Shares, TVX Common Shares or Echo Bay
          Common Shares, as applicable, in


<PAGE>



          favour of the participation of such Party in the Combination, the
          approval of the shareholders required by applicable Laws is not
          obtained;

     (e)  by any Party, if the Board of Directors of the Party shall have
          accepted, approved, and concurrently with such termination, entered
          into an agreement, arrangement or understanding to implement a
          Superior Proposal in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.5,
          provided that the Party shall have paid to the other Parties the
          amounts specified in Section 7.1 and, if applicable, Section 7.2; or

     (f)  if the Board of Directors of a Party (the "Changing Party") shall
          have withdrawn or changed its recommendations or determinations
          referred to in Section 3.1 in a manner materially adverse to the
          other Parties or which would materially impede the completion of the
          Combination or shall have resolved to do so, by any Party other than
          the Changing Party; provided, however, that the Changing Party shall
          be permitted to terminate this Agreement if such withdrawal or
          change occurred solely because the financial advisor to such Party
          has withdrawn or adversely amended its opinion referred to in
          Section 3.1(c), and the Changing Party provides written evidence to
          the other Parties that the withdrawal or change occurred solely for
          that reason.

8.2  Termination and Extension of Termination Date

     This Agreement shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the Initial
Termination Date if the Effective Date has not then occurred unless the
Parties have, prior thereto, agreed in writing to extend the Initial
Termination Date to a later date, in which case this Agreement shall be deemed
to terminate at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on such later Initial Termination
Date; provided, however, that if on the Initial Termination Date the Effective
Date has not occurred only because the condition set out in clause 5.1(e) has
not been satisfied, then this Agreement shall remain in force and effect and
shall terminate at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the Final Termination Date if,
but only if, at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the Final Termination Date the
Effective Date has not then occurred unless the Parties have, prior thereto,
agreed in writing to extend the Final Termination Date to a later date, in
which case this Agreement shall be deemed to terminate at 11:59 p.m. Eastern
time on such later Final Termination Date.

8.3  Effect of Termination

     In the event of the termination of this Agreement in the circumstances
set out in this Article, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and of no
force or effect, and no Party shall have any liability or further obligation
to the other Parties hereunder except with respect to the obligations set
forth in Section 4.7 and Article 7 which shall survive such termination.
However, nothing contained in this Section, in Section 4.7 or in Article 7
including the payment of an amount under Article 7 shall relieve or have the
effect of or result in relieving any Party in any way from liability for
damages incurred or suffered by a Party as a result of a breach of this
Agreement by a Party acting in bad faith intended and designed to result in
the conditions precedent to the completion of this Agreement not being
satisfied.


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE 9
                                    GENERAL

9.1  Brokers

     The Parties represent and warrant to each other that, except for, in the
case of Kinross, CIBC World Markets Inc.; in the case of TVX, BMO Nesbitt
Burns Inc.; and in the case of Echo Bay, National Bank Financial Inc.; no
broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
other fee or commission, or to the reimbursement of any of its expenses, in
connection with the Combination. Each Party has provided to the other Parties
a correct and complete calculation of the fees and expenses payable to its
financial advisors if the Combination occurs. Each Party agrees not to amend
the terms of any of the agreements between it and its financial advisors
relating to the payment of fees and expenses in respect of the Combination
without the prior written approval of the other Parties.

9.2  Notices

     Any notice, consent, waiver, direction or other communication required or
permitted to be given under this Agreement by a Party to any other Party shall
be in writing and may be given by delivering it or sending it by facsimile
transmission addressed to the Party to which the notice is to be given at its
address for service or its facsimile number set out herein. Any such notice,
consent, waiver, direction or other communication shall, if delivered, be
deemed to have been given and received on the date on which it was delivered
to the address provided herein (if prior to 4:00 p.m. at the place of receipt
on a Business Day, or if not, on the next Business Day) and if sent by
facsimile transmission be deemed to have been given and received at the time
of receipt unless actually received on a day other than a Business Day or
after 4:00 p.m. at the place of receipt on a Business Day in which case it
shall be deemed to have been given and received on the next Business Day. Any
such address for service or facsimile number may be changed by notice given as
aforesaid.

     The address for service and facsimile number of each of the Parties
hereto shall be as follows:

     (a)  if to Kinross:

          Kinross Gold Corporation
          52nd Floor
          Scotia Plaza
          40 King Street West
          Toronto, Ontario
          M5H 3Y2

          Attention: John W. Ivany
                     Executive Vice-President
                     Fax: (416) 363-6622

          with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:


<PAGE>


          Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP
          Suite 2800, Box 25
          Commerce Court West
          199 Bay Street
          Toronto, Ontario
          M5L 1A9

          Attention: J. David A. Jackson
                     Fax: (416) 863-2653


     (b)  if to TVX:

          TVX Gold Inc.
          Suite 1200
          220 Bay Street
          Toronto, Ontario
          M5J 2W4

          Attention: T. Sean Harvey
                     Fax: (416) 366-0832


          with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

          Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP
          42nd Floor
          Toronto-Dominion Tower
          Toronto Dominion Centre
          Toronto, Ontario
          M5K 1N6

          Attention: Jonathan A. Levin
                     Fax:    (416) 364-7813


     (c)  if to Echo Bay:

          Echo Bay Mines Ltd.
          Manulife Place
          Suite 1210
          10180 101 Street
          Edmonton, Alberta
          T5J 3S4

          Attention: Robert Leclerc
                     Fax: (780) 424-4684

          with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:


<PAGE>



          Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP
          3000, 237 4th Avenue S.W.
          Calgary, Alberta
          T2P 4X7

          Attention: David R.J. Lefebvre
                     Fax: (403) 268-3100

9.3  Time of Essence

     Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement.

9.4  Entire Agreement

     This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and cancel and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between or
among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5  Further Assurances

     Each Party shall, from time to time and at all times hereafter, at the
request of any other Party hereto, but without further consideration, do all
such further acts and execute and deliver all such further documents and
instruments as shall be reasonably required in order to perform fully and
carry out the terms and intent hereof.

9.6  Governing Law

     This Agreement shall be governed by, and be construed in accordance with,
the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein
but the reference to such laws shall not, by conflict of laws rules or
otherwise, require the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than
the Province of Ontario. Each Party hereto hereby irrevocably attorns to the
jurisdiction of the Courts of the Province of Ontario in respect of all
matters arising under or in relation to this Agreement.

9.7  Execution in Counterparts

     This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts,
each of which is and is hereby conclusively deemed to be an original and the
counterparts collectively are to be conclusively deemed to be one and the same
instrument.

9.8  Waiver

     No waiver by any Party hereto shall be effective unless express and given
in writing, and any waiver shall affect only the matter, and the occurrence
thereof, specifically identified and shall not extend to any other matter or
occurrence.


<PAGE>



9.9  Enurement and Assignment

     This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement
may not be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of the
other Parties.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.


KINROSS GOLD CORPORATION                  TVX GOLD INC.

Per:                                      Per:
     -------------------------------           -------------------------------

Per:                                      Per:
     -------------------------------           -------------------------------


ECHO BAY MINES LTD.

Per:
     -------------------------------

Per:
     -------------------------------



<PAGE>


                                 SCHEDULE 2.1

                          ANNOUNCEMENT PRESS RELEASE


    Kinross, Echo Bay and TVX to Combine to Create New Senior Gold Producer
                   and to Acquire Newmont's TVX NA Interest

TORONTO/EDMONTON, June 10 /CNW/ - Kinross Gold Corporation (TSX-K; Amex-KGC)
("Kinross" or the "Company"), Echo Bay Mines Ltd. (TSX-ECO; Amex-ECO)("Echo
Bay") and TVX Gold Inc. (TSX-TVX; NYSE-TVX) ("TVX") are pleased to announce
the proposed combination of the three companies and the concurrent acquisition
of the 49.9% interest in the TVX Newmont Americas ("TVX NA") joint venture
owned by Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE-NEM; TSX-NMC; ASX-NEM) ("Newmont").

Kinross, after having combined with Echo Bay and TVX and after having acquired
the TVX NA interest (referred to herein as "new Kinross"), will possess the
following attributes:

o    Top 10 global gold company with market capitalization in excess of US$2
     billion;

o    2 million ounce per year gold producer with total cash costs less than
     US$200 per ounce;

o    Only senior North American primary producer with a non-hedging policy and
     less than 5% of reserves hedged;

o    One of the best capitalized gold producers in North America;

o    65% of annual production in the United States and Canada;

o    Highest leverage to gold prices among major North American producers; and

o    Strong organic growth from a global resource base exceeding 40 million
     ounces of gold

Terms of the Combination and Concurrent Transaction

The combination of the companies will be achieved by a Plan of Arrangement,
whereby Echo Bay shareholders receive 0.52 of a Kinross share for each Echo
Bay share and TVX shareholders receive 0.65 of a Kinross share for each TVX
share (adjusted accordingly in the event TVX completes the previously approved
ten-for-one share consolidation). Concurrently with the combination taking
effect, TVX will acquire Newmont's TVX NA interest for US$180 million. The
parties expect to enter into a combination agreement which will provide that
the combination will be effected pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement. Based on
the 30 day average trading prices on the TSX of Kinross, Echo Bay and TVX
prior to the announcement of the combination, the exchange ratios imply a
price of Cdn$1.81 per Echo Bay share (representing a 23% premium) and a price
of Cdn$2.27 per TVX share (representing a 47% premium).

Overview of the new Kinross

As a result of these concurrent transactions, the Company's annual gold
production is expected to be approximately two million ounces at total cash
costs of less than US$200 per ounce. This production rate will be supported by
proven and probable reserves containing 17.9 million ounces of gold and 52.6
million ounces of silver, an additional measured and indicated resource
containing 19.2 million ounces of gold and over 60 million ounces of silver,
plus a further 8


<PAGE>


million ounces of inferred gold resources. Although global in reach, the new
Kinross will have 65% of annual production and 50% of reserves based in the
United States and Canada. The Company will be the most leveraged to changes in
gold price of all major North American based primary gold producers and
intends to maintain a strict non-hedging policy in view of the trend of rising
gold prices and the Company's new, strong financial position. The new Kinross
will be the seventh largest primary gold producer in the world and the only
senior North American based primary gold producer with less than 5% of
reserves hedged. The Company will operate and maintain joint venture interests
in 12 gold mines and one base metal mine located on five continents including
seven underground mines, four open pit mines and two operations expected to
include both open pit and underground mines.

Approvals and Support for the Transactions

The combination has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of
Kinross, Echo Bay and TVX. Each board is recommending that its shareholders
approve the transaction at shareholder meetings of the three companies
expected to be held in the 3rd quarter of 2002 and the transaction is expected
to close shortly thereafter. Approval of the combination requires two-thirds
votes by the respective shareholders of Echo Bay and TVX and a majority vote
by the shareholders of Kinross. Kinross will also be asking its shareholders
to approve a three-for-one share consolidation and if approved, shareholders
of Echo Bay and TVX would receive consolidated shares of Kinross and the
exchange ratios would be adjusted accordingly. The proposed share
consolidation of Kinross requires a two-thirds vote by Kinross shareholders,
but is not a condition of the combination. Support agreements for the
combination have been reached with the largest shareholders of Echo Bay
(Newmont 45.2% and Kinross 10.5%) and TVX (Beech LLC 18.6%). An agreement has
also been reached with Newmont for the concurrent acquisition of Newmont's TVX
NA interest.

Management and Financial Strength in an Elevated Platform

Robert (Bob) Buchan, Chairman and CEO of Kinross, stated that, "The
combination of Kinross, Echo Bay, TVX and TVX NA will create the premier North
American senior gold company for those investors seeking maximum leverage to
the gold price in a gold company with superb liquidity. The new Kinross will
have a strong group of exploration and development projects for internal
growth and an elevated platform to aggressively pursue appropriate external
growth opportunities. The pool of talented people in the three former rival
companies will ensure a strong entrepreneurial management team going forward.
The transactions will result in the new Kinross being one of the best
capitalized senior gold companies with a net debt to capitalization ratio of
8%."

The after-tax synergies of consolidating the three companies are expected to
generate approximately US$15 million per year in savings (or about US$8 per
ounce of annual gold production) in the areas of general and administrative
costs, exploration and purchasing. The combination is expected to be
immediately accretive to Kinross' earnings, free cash flow and net asset
value.




<PAGE>



Robert Leclerc, Chairman and CEO of Echo Bay, said, "Echo Bay has
approximately US$10 million of cash on hand, no short or long-term debt and
enjoys positive cash flow from its operating mines. This and the improving
environment for gold prices have opened a new chapter for Echo Bay and its
shareholders to join Kinross and TVX and form a new major gold producer with a
global vision and a solid North American base. We support this combination."

Sean Harvey, President and CEO of TVX, stated, "For TVX shareholders this
combination reunites the components of the long-life asset base of TVX in a
much larger entity. Upon TVX shareholders becoming shareholders of new
Kinross, they will benefit from the stable, high margin cash flow from the
consolidated TVX assets and the strong balance sheet which will complement new
Kinross' strong leverage to the gold price. The combined company will also
have significant land positions in world-class gold mining districts in the
Americas. TVX management and employees have worked hard on behalf of
shareholders to accomplish this combination and we expect that they will reap
further benefits with the new structure."

As a result of the proposed transactions, the new Kinross will be
approximately owned as to 40.3% by existing Kinross shareholders, 31.1% by
existing TVX shareholders (excluding Newmont), 14.0% by existing Echo Bay
shareholders (excluding Newmont and Kinross) and 14.6% by Newmont.

Pierre Lassonde, President of Newmont stated, "Newmont supports this
transaction as part of the ongoing rationalization of the gold industry.
Creating a new, substantial gold company will benefit all of the shareholders
involved, including Newmont. The sale of Newmont's TVX NA interest is
conditional on the closing of the overall combination."

Management and Board of Directors of the new Kinross

The management team of the new Kinross will be led by Bob Buchan as President
and Chief Executive Officer and Scott Caldwell as Senior Vice President of
Operations and Chief Operating Officer. The Company will maintain the
entrepreneurial management style that has seen Kinross grow from a 25,000
ounce per year producer nine years ago to a two million ounce per year gold
producer as a result of the proposed transactions. The expanded Board of
Directors of Kinross will include six Kinross nominees, two TVX nominees, one
Echo Bay nominee and one Newmont nominee.

Summary of the Transactions

The parties expect to enter into a definitive combination agreement which will
provide that the combination will be effected pursuant to the Plan of
Arrangement. The concurrent transactions are subject to customary regulatory
approvals in Canada and the United States, the approvals of Kinross, Echo Bay
and TVX shareholders and other conditions customary in transactions of this
nature. The shareholder meetings are expected to be held in the 3rd quarter of
2002 and transaction is expected to close shortly thereafter. The combination
is intended to be tax free to Echo Bay and TVX shareholders in Canada and the
United States.


<PAGE>


The Company will be domiciled in Canada and will maintain its corporate office
in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The common shares of Kinross will continue to
trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") under the stock symbol "K" and the
Company intends to apply for listing of its common shares on the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "KGC". Pending resolution of the NYSE
listing, Kinross will continue to trade on the American Stock Exchange
("Amex") under the stock symbol "KGC".

If the combination does not occur under certain circumstances, the combination
agreement will provide for a break-up fee of up to Cdn$28 million.

Kinross' financial advisor is CIBC World Markets Inc., Echo Bay's financial
advisor is National Bank Financial Inc. and TVX's financial advisor is BMO
Nesbitt Burns Inc.

Conference Call and Webcast

A conference call is scheduled for Monday, June 10, 2002 at 3:00 p.m. eastern
time.

Call in numbers:  International 416-640-4127
                  North America 1-800-218-0204

The conference call and presentation slides will also be available
simultaneously and archived at www.kinross.com and www.tvxgold.com. The
conference call will be available for telephone replay with the Passcode:
193836# (pound key) by calling: International 416-640-1917; North America
1-877-289-8525.

Cautionary Statements

This press release includes certain "Forward-Looking Statements" within the
meaning of section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included
herein, including without limitation, statements regarding potential
mineralization and reserves, exploration results and future plans and
objectives of Kinross Gold Corporation, Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and TVX Gold Inc.
are forward-looking statements that involve various risks and uncertainties.
There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and
actual results and future events could differ materially from those
anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from expectations are disclosed under the heading
"Risk Factors" and elsewhere in Kinross', Echo Bay's and TVX's documents filed
from time to time with the Toronto Stock Exchange, the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and other regulatory authorities.

Proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources
are calculated by the respective companies as of December 31, 2001. Investors
are advised that National Policy 43-101 requires that each category of mineral
reserves and mineral resources be reported separately. Investors and
securities holders should refer to the respective annual information forms of
Kinross and TVX and the Form 10-K of Echo Bay, each for the year ended
December 31, 2001, for this detailed information, which is subject to the
qualifications and footnotes


<PAGE>


expressed therein. Reserve calculations have been based on a gold price
assumption of US$300 per ounce for all operations except two joint venture
operations: Musselwhite at US$275 per ounce and La Coipa at US$265 per ounce
of gold and US$4.65 per ounce of silver. United States investors are advised
that while the terms "measured" and "indicated" resources and "inferred"
resources are recognized and required by Canadian regulations, the SEC does
not recognize them. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part
of mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves.

Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement regarding
the business combination transaction referred to in the foregoing information,
when it becomes available, because it will contain important information. The
proxy statement will be filed with the SEC by Echo Bay. Investors and security
holders may obtain a free copy of this proxy statement (when it is available)
and other documents filed by Echo Bay with the SEC at the SEC's website at
www.sec.gov. The proxy statement (when it is available) and these other
documents may also be obtained for free from Echo Bay by directing a request
to Lois-Ann L. Brodrick, Vice President and Secretary, 780-496-9704,
lbrodrick@echobaymines.ca.

Certain Information Concerning Participants

Investors may obtain a detailed list of names, affiliations and interests of
Echo Bay participants in the solicitation of proxies of stockholders to
approve the proposed business combination from a SEC filing under Schedule 14A
made by Echo Bay on June 10, 2002.

SEDAR: 00002968E


-30-


For further information: Kinross Gold Corporation: e-mail info@kinross.com or
contact: Robert M. Buchan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tel. (416)
365-5650; Gordon A. McCreary, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate
Development, Tel. (416) 365-5132; Echo Bay Mines Ltd.: e-mail
investor_relations@echobaymines.ca or contact: Robert L. Leclerc, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, Tel. (303) 714-8839; Lois-Ann L. Brodrick, Vice
President and Secretary, Tel. (780) 496-9002; TVX Gold Inc.: e-mail
info@tvxgold.com or contact: T. Sean Harvey, President and Chief Executive
Officer, Tel. (416) 366-8160; Carl B. Hansen, Manager, Investor Relations,
Tel. (416) 941-0119; Newmont Mining Corporation: e-mail
corprelations@corp.newmont.com or contact: Russell Ball, Group Executive,
Investor Relations, Tel. (303) 837-5927; Wendy Yang, Director, Investor
Relations, Tel. (303) 837-6141



<PAGE>


                                 SCHEDULE 4.1



                           KINROSS GOLD CORPORATION


                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                         AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER



Following the completion of the Combination, the Board of Directors of Kinross
Gold Corporation shall consist of the following persons:

                               John A. Brough

                               Robert M. Buchan

                               Harry S. Campbell

                               Arthur Ditto

                               David Harquail

                               John M. H. Huxley

                               John E. Oliver

                               Robert L. Leclerc

                               George F. Michals

                               Cameron A. Mingay



     The Chief Executive Officer of Kinross Gold Corporation shall be Robert
M. Buchan.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
