 EXHIBIT 2.1      Exhibit 2.1    
EXECUTION COPY     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   AMONG   GENZYME
CORPORATION,   RODEO MERGER CORP.,   AND NOVAZYME PHARMACEUTICALS,
INC.         -----------------------------   Dated as of August 6,
2001   -----------------------------       AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated as of
August 6, 2001 is among Genzyme Corporation ("Parent"), a Massachusetts
corporation, Rodeo Merger Corp. ("Merger Sub"), a Delaware corporation, and
Novazyme Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation. The
parties wish to effect the acquisition of the Company by Parent through a
merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub with and into the Company on the terms
and conditions set forth herein.   R E C I T A L S   A. The Board of
Directors of the Company has approved and deems it advisable and in the best
interests of its stockholders to consummate a strategic business combination
between the Company and Parent upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein.   B. The Boards of Directors of Parent and Merger Sub,
having determined that such combination is desirable, have approved the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Parent, as the sole
stockholder of Merger Sub, has voted to adopt this Agreement   C. For
United States Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and that
this Agreement constitute a plan of reorganization within the meaning of
Section 1.368-2(g) of the income tax regulations promulgated under the Code.
For financial accounting purposes, it is intended that the Merger be
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.   D. As a condition
to, and concurrently with the execution of, this Agreement certain Company
stockholders have executed and delivered to Parent a Stockholders Voting
Agreement (the "Voting Agreement") in the form of EXHIBIT A attached hereto,
pursuant to which such stockholders have, among other things, agreed to vote
all shares of capital stock of the Company held by them in favor of adoption
of this Agreement and matters related thereto and to grant
Parent\'s designees an irrevocable proxy to vote all such shares.   In
consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:   SECTION 1 - THE
MERGER  1.1 THE MERGER.   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware (the "DGCL"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company.
The Merger shall occur at the Effective Time (as defined herein). Following
the Merger, the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation
(sometimes referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation") and the
separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease.      (b) The
name of the Surviving Corporation shall be "Novazyme Pharmaceuticals,
Inc."  1.2 EFFECTIVE TIME. As soon as practicable after satisfaction or
waiver of all conditions to the Merger, the parties shall cause a certificate
of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with respect to the Merger to be
filed and recorded in accordance with the DGCL, and shall take all such
further actions as may be required by law to make the Merger effective. The
Merger shall be effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly
filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL, or
at such later time as is specified in the Certificate of Merger (the
"Effective Time"). Immediately prior to the filing of the Certificate of
Merger, a closing (the "Closing") will be held at the offices of Palmer and
Dodge LLP (or such other place as the parties may agree) for the purpose of
confirming the foregoing. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to
herein as the "Closing Date" and, unless the parties otherwise agree or the
Closing is delayed pursuant to SECTION 8.1(e), shall be no later than the
fifth business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in SECTIONS 5, 6 and 7 (other than delivery of items to be delivered at
the Closing).  1.3 EFFECTS OF THE MERGER. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in Sections 259, 260 and 261 of the DGCL.  1.4 CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS. The Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of
Merger Sub, in each case as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter changed as provided therein or by applicable
law.  1.5 DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.   (a) The directors and officers of
Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors and
officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case, until the earlier of his
or her resignation or removal or otherwise ceasing to be a director or
officer, as the case may be, or until his or her respective successor is duly
elected and qualified in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation.   (b) Each current director of the
Company shall submit his or her resignation at the Closing to be effective at
the Effective Time.  1.6 CONVERSION OF COMMON STOCK.   (a) MERGER
CONSIDERATION. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company:   (i) Subject to
payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in SECTION 1.6(c)
and to SECTION 8.1(e), all shares of Company common stock, $0.01 par value
per share ("Company Common Stock"), including shares of Company Common Stock
issued upon conversion, immediately prior to the Effective Time, of the
Convertible Debentures (as defined in SECTION 1.7(c)) and shares of Company
Preferred Stock (as defined in SECTION 1.7(d)), but excluding shares held by
the Company as treasury stock, shares held by any Company   
2    Subsidiary (as defined in SECTION 2.4(a)) and Dissenting Shares (as
defined in SECTION 1.6(f)), shall be cancelled and extinguished and
automatically converted into and become the right to receive: (A) shares of
Genzyme General Division common stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Parent
Common Stock") (together with the associated Genzyme General Division Common
Stock Purchase Rights under Parent\'s Second Amended and Restated Renewed
Rights Agreement (the "Parent Rights Plan")), equal to the Initial Merger
Consideration (as defined below) and (B) such additional shares of Parent
Common Stock (together with the associated Genzyme General Division Common
Stock Purchase Rights under the Parent Rights Plan) (the "Contingent Merger
Consideration") as are payable pursuant to SECTION 1.6(b). The Initial Merger
Consideration and the Contingent Merger Consideration, together with cash
payments in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to SECTION 1.6(c), are
referred to collectively as the "Merger Consideration."   (ii) The "Initial
Merger Consideration" shall equal the number of shares of Parent Common Stock
determined by dividing (x) $137,500,000 (the "Upfront Payment") less the
Convertible Deduction (as defined below) by (y) the Closing Parent Price (as
defined below). The Upfront Payment shall also be decreased by amounts, other
than the Merger Consideration, paid or payable with respect to Company
Preferred Stock (including any redemption payment) or Convertible Debentures;
the consideration that would otherwise be allocable to Dissenting Shares if
the holders thereof had not exercised dissenters\' rights under the DGCL; and
any amount by which the Transaction Expenses exceed $2,250,000. The
"Transaction Expenses" shall equal fees and expenses of the Company\'s
attorneys, accountants, financial advisors and other outside
advisors relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
If prior to the Effective Time there is a change in the number of issued and
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock as the result of a
reclassification, subdivision, recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock
split (including reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or
other similar transaction (other than the Merger), the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock included in the Initial Merger Consideration shall be
equitably adjusted to give effect to such event. If, prior to the Effective
Time, Parent Common Stock is changed into shares of another class or series
of stock, or into the right to receive other assets, whether by a
reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale of assets or
other otherwise, then the Initial Merger Consideration shall consist of the
amount of shares of stock and other assets receivable upon such event
by holders of the number of shares of Parent Common Stock that would
have constituted the Initial Merger Consideration immediately prior to such
event.   (iii) The "Convertible Deduction" shall equal (A) the product
of (x) the quotient of (I) the sum of the number of Company Vested Option
Shares (as such term is defined below), the number of shares underlying the
Company Warrants (as defined in SECTION 1.7(b)) outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time and the number of shares of Company Common Stock that
would be issuable immediately prior to the Effective Time upon conversion of
the shares of Series B Stock (as defined in SECTION 1.7(d) underlying the
Company Preferred Stock Purchase Rights (as defined below) outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by (II) the sum of the total
number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, plus the number of Company Vested Option Shares, the number
of shares of Company Common Stock issuable immediately prior to the Effective
Time upon exercise of all Company Warrants outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time and    3    the number of shares of Company Common
Stock that would be issuable immediately prior the Effective Time upon
conversion of the shares of Series B Stock underlying the Company Preferred
Stock Purchase Rights outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(the result obtained from the sum contemplated under this clause (II) being
hereinafter referred to as the "Diluted Number") multiplied by (y) the sum of
(I) the Upfront Payment and (II) the Aggregate Exercise Price (as defined
below), less (B) the Aggregate Exercise Price.   (iv) The "Closing Parent
Price" shall equal the average of the per share closing prices of Parent
Common Stock as reported by The Nasdaq National Market for the 20 trading
days ending three trading days prior to the Closing Date, rounded to the
fourth decimal place; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, subject to SECTION 8.1(e), in no
event shall the Closing Parent Price be less than $37.80 or greater than
$70.20 (in either case, subject to adjustment for any reclassification,
subdivision, recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock split (including
reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or other similar
transaction (other than the Merger) affecting the shares of Parent Common
Stock).   (v) The term "Company Vested Option Shares" shall mean all
shares of Company Common Stock that may be purchased immediately prior to the
Effective Time (after giving effect to any applicable acceleration of
exercise provisions) upon exercise of Company Options (as defined in SECTION
1.7(a)) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.   (vi) The
term "Company Preferred Stock Purchase Rights" shall mean the rights to
purchase shares of Series B Stock pursuant to the Series B Purchase
Agreement.   (vii) The term "Aggregate Exercise Price" shall mean the
aggregate exercise price payable to the Company with respect to all Company
Vested Option Shares and all shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of all Company Warrants outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time plus (A) the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company with
respect to any Company Vested Options Shares issued upon exercise of Company
Options exercised between August 2, 2001 and the Effective Time, and (B) the
aggregate exercise price paid to the Company with respect shares of Company
Common Stock issued upon exercise of Company Warrants exercised between
August 2, 2001 and the Effective Time.   (viii) The term "Series B Purchase
Agreement" shall mean that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated April
17, 2001 by and among the Company and the other parties thereto, as amended
and in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, including any
additional purchaser agreements that the Company enters into prior to the
Effective Time pursuant to Section 2.1(b) thereto.   (ix) The Initial
Merger Consideration shall be allocated among the shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior the Effective Time based on the "Exchange
Ratio," which shall equal the quotient, rounded to the fourth decimal place,
determined by dividing the Initial Merger Consideration by the number of
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (less the number of shares cancelled pursuant to SECTION 1.6(d) to the
extent outstanding). SCHEDULE I hereto indicates the    4    percentage
allocation among holders of Company capital stock as if the Effective Time
occurred on the date of this Agreement. The Company will update SCHEDULE
I immediately prior to the Closing in accordance with SECTION 4.21.   (b)
CONTINGENT MERGER CONSIDERATION. Each holder (together with all of such
holder\'s permitted transferees, a "Holder") of shares Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled
to receive, subject to payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares, the
following Contingent Merger Consideration:   (i) Each Holder on the date,
if any, on which the First Milestone (as defined in clause (iii) below)
occurs (the "First Milestone Date") shall be entitled to receive the number
of shares of Parent Common Stock, rounded to four decimal places, equal to
the product of (x) the First Contingent Exchange Ratio multiplied by (y) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock held by such Holder immediately
prior to the Effective Time. The "First Contingent Exchange Ratio" shall
equal the quotient, rounded to four decimal places, of (x) the quotient of
(A) $37,500,000 (the "First Contingent Merger Consideration") divided by (B)
the First Milestone Closing Parent Price, divided by (y) the Diluted Number.
The "First Milestone Closing Parent Price" shall equal the average for the 20
trading days ending three trading days prior to the First Milestone Date,
rounded to the fourth decimal place, of the last sale prices or, in case no
sales take place on any such day, the average of the closing bid and ask
prices, in either case, at 4:00 p.m. (or such earlier time as the last
sale prior to 4:00 p.m.), New York City time, as reported by The Nasdaq
National Market (or, if the Parent Common Stock is not then quoted on The
Nasdaq National Market, on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape), or,
if the Parent Common Stock is not then quoted on The Nasdaq National Market
(or listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange), on the
primary securities exchange on which the Parent Common Stock is then traded,
or if the Parent Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any
securities exchange, the last sale prices or, in case no such sales takes
place on such days, the average of the highest reported bid and lowest
reported ask prices as furnished by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. or, if the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. is
not then furnishing such information, the average of the highest reported bid
and lowest reported ask prices as available from any other over-the-counter
market, or if on such trading days the Parent Common Stock is not reported in
any such market, the fair value of a share of Parent Common Stock on such
days, as determined in good faith by, and evidenced by a resolution of,
Parent\'s Board of Directors (the "Quoted Price").   (ii) Each Holder on the
date, if any, on which the Second Milestone (as defined in clause (iii)
below) occurs (the "Second Milestone Date"), shall be entitled to receive the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock, rounded to four decimal places,
equal to the product of (x) the Second Contingent Exchange Ratio multiplied
by (y) the number of shares of Company Common Stock held by such Holder
immediately prior to the Effective Time. The "Second Contingent Exchange
Ratio" shall equal the quotient, rounded to four decimal places, of (x) the
quotient of (A) $50,000,000 (the "Second Contingent Merger
Consideration") divided by (B) the Second Milestone Closing Parent Price,
divided by (y) the Diluted Number. The "Second Milestone Closing Parent
Price" shall equal the average for the 20 trading days ending three trading
days prior to the Second Milestone Date, rounded to the fourth decimal place,
of the Quoted Price.    5     (iii) For purposes of this SECTION
1.6(b), the "First Milestone" shall mean the grant to Parent or a Related
Person (as defined below) of final approval by the United States Food and
Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto (the "FDA"), of a
Biologics License Application (or a similar application filed with the FDA
after completion of clinical trials to obtain marketing approval for a
product in the United States) (a "BLA") on or before June 1, 2006 for a
product   (A) that is approved for treatment of patients with a  lysosomal
storage disorder and either (I) whose manufacture,  use, sale or importation
by a third party would, absent a  license granted to such third party by
Parent or the Surviving  Corporation, infringe one or more Valid Claims or
(II) which  uses any of the Company\'s proprietary phosphorylation and/or 
glycosylation technologies, methods and know how (including,  without
limitation, the method of use of mannosidase  inhibitors) for the production
of lysosomal enzymes using  human recombinant phosphotransferase enzyme
and/or human  recombinant phosphodiester A-GlcNAcase (UCE) (the "COMPANY 
PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY"), or   (B) that is approved for treatment of
patients with  Pompe disease, Fabry disease or mucopolysaccharidosis I 
disease ("MPS I") and uses lectin-resistant cell lines for the  production of
lysosomal enzymes  (a product meeting the requirements of either clause (A)
or (B) above being hereinafter referred to as an "Approved Product"), and the
"Second Milestone" shall mean the grant to Parent of final approval by the
FDA of a BLA on or before June 1, 2008 for a second Approved Product. The
First Milestone and the Second Milestone are each a "Milestone" and together,
the "Milestones." For purposes of this SECTION 1.6(b)(iii), the term (A)
"Related Person" means any (1) subsidiary or affiliate of Parent, (2) joint
venture in which Parent has an equity interest or sublicensee of Parent that
has or acquires (x) rights to use the Company Proprietary Technology, (y)
rights under any patent or patent application listed on Section 1.6(b)(iii)
or 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (z) rights to use the
Company\'s technologies, methods and know how for the use of lectin-resistant
cell lines for the production of lysosomal enzymes for therapies to treat
patients with Pompe disease, Fabry disease or MPS I, or (3) successor, assign
or transferee of Parent or of the foregoing persons or entities, and (B)
"Valid Claim" means an issued claim of an unexpired patent, or a claim of a
pending patent application, listed on SECTION 2.12 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule (as defined below), or a claim of a patent application filed on or
prior to the Effective Time or within 90 days of the Effective Time (but at
the latest by December 31, 2001) but that was in the process of being drafted
prior to the Effective Time, and is listed on SECTION 1.6(b)(iii) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, and, in the case of applications filed after the
Effective Time, the filing of the application has been approved, in the
exercise of good faith judgment, as to patentable subject matter by Parent\'s
Chief Patent Counsel (or a claim of any divisional, continuation,
or continuation-in-part of any of such patent application to the extent such
claim is directed to the subject matter specifically described in the
aforementioned patent applications), directed to subject matter which shall
not have been withdrawn, canceled or disclaimed or held permanently revoked,
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction in an
unappealed or unappealable decision, and which has not    6    been
admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue or disclaimer
or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a claim directed to subject
matter of a pending patent application, divisional application, or
continuation-in-part application or the foreign equivalent thereof shall
cease to be a Valid Claim if no patent has issued on such claim on or prior
to the seventh anniversary of the date of filing such patent application (or,
in the case of a continuation application or foreign equivalent thereof, the
date of filing of the earliest patent application).   (iv) Within 10
business days of each Milestone Date, Parent shall send to each Holder listed
on SCHEDULE I as updated through the applicable Milestone Date (A) a
certificate representing that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable as Contingent Merger Consideration and (B) a check in the amount of
any cash due pursuant to SECTION 1.6(c). No interest shall be paid or shall
accrue on any such amounts.   (v) If, prior to a Milestone Date, Parent
Common Stock is changed into shares of another class or series of stock, or
into the right to receive other assets, whether by a reorganization,
reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise, then
the Contingent Merger Consideration shall consist of the amount of shares of
stock and other assets receivable upon such event by holders of the number of
shares of Parent Common Stock that would have constituted the Contingent
Merger Consideration immediately prior to such event. In addition, if within
the period beginning 23 trading days prior to the applicable Milestone Date
and ending on such Milestone Date, there is a change in the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock as the result of a
reclassification, subdivision, recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock
split (including reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or
other similar transaction (other than the Merger), the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock payable upon achievement of such Milestone and/or the
First Milestone Closing Parent Price or Second Milestone Closing Parent
Price, as applicable, shall be equitably adjusted to give effect to such
event.   (vi) The right of a Holder to receive Contingent
Merger Consideration, if any: (A) shall be personal to such Holder; (B) shall
not be transferable by such Holder or any person claiming under such Holder,
whether by sale, assignment, pledge or otherwise, except as set forth below,
and any other purported transfer shall be void and of no force or effect; (C)
shall not constitute or represent any equity or ownership interest in Parent
or the Surviving Corporation; and (D) shall not entitle the Holder of such
right to any voting or dividend rights, rights to any other distributions or
other rights common to stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Agreement shall not restrict any Holder from transferring the right to
receive Contingent Merger Consideration to other entities controlled by such
Holder or, in the case of any Holder that is a corporation, general
partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company or venture
capital firm, to such Holder\'s stockholders, partners, members or other
holders of equity securities in such Holder, as applicable, or in connection
with tax, estate or financial planning, or the transfer of such right upon
the death of the Holder by operation of law or otherwise, PROVIDED THAT, the
Holder provides to Parent prompt written notice of such transfer.   (vii)
After the Effective Time, this SECTION 1.6(b) may be amended, and any
obligation of Parent hereunder waived, only by means of a written instrument
executed by Parent and Holders with the right to receive at least two-thirds
of the Contingent Merger Consideration.    7     (c) NO FRACTIONAL
SHARES. No fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Agreement. In lieu of fractional shares, each stockholder who would
otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
hereunder (after aggregating all fractional shares to be received by such
stockholder at such time) shall receive, without interest, an amount in cash
(rounded to the nearest whole cent) determined by multiplying such fraction
by the average of the high and low per share trading prices of Parent Common
Stock as reported by The Nasdaq National Market (or such other market on
which such shares are then primarily traded) on the trading day on which the
Effective Time, the First Milestone Date or the Second Milestone Date, as
applicable, occurs (or, if the Effective Time or a Milestone Date occurs on
a date that is not a trading day, on the immediately preceding trading
day).   (d) CANCELLED STOCK. All shares of Company Common Stock held at
the Effective Time by the Company as treasury stock or by a Company
Subsidiary shall be cancelled and extinguished and no payment shall be made
with respect thereto.   (e) MERGER SUB STOCK. At the Effective Time, each
issued and outstanding share of the capital stock of Merger Sub shall be
converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable share of common
stock, $0.01 par value, of the Surviving Corporation.   (f) DISSENTING
SHARES.   (i) Shares of Company Common Stock held by a stockholder who
has properly exercised appraisal rights with respect thereto in accordance
with Section 262 of the DGCL (collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") shall
not be converted into Merger Consideration. From and after the Effective
Time, a stockholder who has properly exercised such appraisal rights shall
not have any rights of a stockholder of the Company, Parent or the Surviving
Corporation with respect to such shares, except those provided under Section
262 of the DGCL. If, after the Effective Time of the Merger, any such
stockholder fails to perfect or loses any such right to appraisal, such
shares shall be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective
Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.   (ii) The Company
shall give Parent (A) prompt notice of any written demands under Section 262
of the DGCL with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock, any
withdrawal of any such demand and any other instruments served pursuant to
the DGCL and received by the Company and (B) the right to participate in all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demands. The Company
shall cooperate with Parent concerning, and shall not, except with the prior
written consent of Parent (which such consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or offer
to settle or settle, any such demands.   (g) Notwithstanding anything in
this SECTION 1.6 to the contrary, in no event shall the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock issued pursuant to the terms of this   
8    Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby exceed the number
of shares, subject to equitable adjustment, equal to 19.9% of the number of
shares of common stock of Parent outstanding on the date hereof.  1.7
COMPANY OPTIONS, WARRANTS, CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES, PREFERRED STOCK
AND COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS.   (a) COMPANY OPTIONS. At the
Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock (the "Company Options") under the Company\'s 2000 Stock Option Plan and
2001 Stock Option Plan (collectively, the "Company Stock Option Plans"),
whether or not then exercisable, shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company
Option so assumed by Parent under this Agreement (each an "Assumed Option")
shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions set
forth in the applicable Company Stock Option Plan immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, any repurchase rights), except
that (i) each Assumed Option shall be exercisable (or shall become
exercisable in accordance with its terms) for (A) that number of shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were subject to such Assumed Option immediately
prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to
the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock and (B) in addition
(I) if the First Milestone is achieved, an additional number of shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Company
Common Stock that were subject to such Assumed Option immediately prior to
the Effective Time multiplied by the First Contingent Exchange Ratio, rounded
down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, (II) if
the Second Milestone is achieved, an additional number of shares of Parent
Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Company Common
Stock that were subject to such Assumed Option immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the Second Contingent Exchange Ratio, rounded
down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii)
the per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
only pursuant to clause (A) above upon exercise of such Assumed Option shall
be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per share
of Company Common Stock at which such Assumed Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to
the nearest whole cent, and (iii) other than as set forth in the foregoing
clause (ii), no additional exercise price shall be due or payable with
respect to any shares of Parent Common Stock issued or issuable upon or on
account of the exercise of such Assumed Option. In the event that any Assumed
Option is exercised, in whole or in part, prior to the achievement of the
First Milestone and/or the Second Milestone, as the case may be, then, in the
event that the First Milestone and/or the Second Milestone, as the case may
be, is or are achieved following such exercise, Parent shall issue to the
holder of such Assumed Option (for no additional consideration) that number
of shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder of such Assumed
Option would have been entitled to receive pursuant to clauses (B)(I) and/or
(B)(II) above, as the case may be, if the portion of such Assumed Option that
was exercised prior to the First Milestone Date and/or the Second Milestone
Date, as the case may be, were exercised on the First Milestone Date and/or
the Second Milestone Date, as the case may be. After the Effective Time,
Parent shall issue to each holder of an outstanding Assumed Option a notice
describing the foregoing assumption of such Assumed Options by Parent. The
adjustments provided herein with respect to any Assumed Options that are
"incentive stock options" as    9    defined in Section 422 of the Code
shall be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with
Section 424(a) of the Code so as to preserve the benefits of such "incentive
stock options."   (b) COMPANY WARRANTS. At the Effective Time, each
outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company
Warrants"), whether or not then exercisable, shall be assumed by Parent. Each
Company Warrant so assumed by Parent under this Agreement (each an "Assumed
Warrant") shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and
conditions set forth in the applicable warrant immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including, without limitation, any repurchase rights), except
that (i) each Assumed Warrant shall be exercisable (or shall become
exercisable in accordance with its terms) for (A) that number of shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Company
Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Assumed Warrant
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio,
rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock and
(B) in addition (I) if the First Milestone is achieved, an additional number
of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares
of Company Common Stock that were subject to such Assumed Warrant immediately
prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the First Contingent Exchange
Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common
Stock, and (II) if the Second Milestone is achieved, an additional number of
shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that were subject to such Assumed Warrant immediately
prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Second Contingent Exchange
Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common
Stock, (ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable only pursuant to clause (A) above upon exercise of such
Assumed Warrant shall be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the
exercise price per share of Company Common Stock at which such Assumed
Warrant was exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the
Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent, and (iii) other than as
set forth in the foregoing clause (ii), no additional exercise price shall be
due or payable with respect to any shares of Parent Common Stock issued or
issuable upon or on account of the exercise of such Assumed Warrant. In the
event that any Assumed Warrant is exercised, in whole or in part, prior to
the achievement of the First Milestone and/or the Second Milestone, as the
case may be, then, in the event that the First Milestone and/or the Second
Milestone, as the case may be, is or are achieved following such exercise,
Parent shall issue to the holder of such Assumed Warrant (for no additional
consideration) that number of shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder
of such Assumed Warrant would have been entitled to receive pursuant to
clauses (B)(I) and/or (B)(II) above, as the case may be, if the portion of
such Assumed Warrant that was exercised prior to the First Milestone Date
and/or the Second Milestone Date, as the case may be, were exercised on the
First Milestone Date and/or the Second Milestone Date, as the case may be.
After the Effective Time, Parent shall issue to each holder of an outstanding
Assumed Warrant a notice describing the foregoing assumption of such Assumed
Warrants by Parent.   (c) CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES. Prior to the Effective
Time, Neose Technologies, Inc. ("Neose") shall have elected to convert those
certain outstanding 8% Convertible Debentures issued on May 18, 2000 in the
aggregate principal amount of $562,500 (the    10    "Convertible
Debentures"), into shares of Company Common Stock, and the Company shall have
effected such conversion, in accordance with the terms of the Convertible
Debentures.   (d) COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall have amended its Certificate of Designation of Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, as
amended (the "Certificate of Designation"), such that immediately prior to
the Effective Time, without any action on the part of Parent, the Company,
Merger Sub or any holder of Company Preferred Stock, each outstanding share
of the Company\'s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per
share (the "Series A Stock"), and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.01
par value per share (the "Series B Stock" and together with the Series A
Stock, the "Company Preferred Stock"), other than shares held by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary which shall be cancelled and extinguished and no
payment will be made with respect thereto, shall automatically be converted
into shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with such amended
Certificate of Designation and shall thereafter be converted into Merger
Consideration as provided in SECTION 1.6 hereto.   (e) COMPANY PREFERRED
STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS. At the Effective Time, (i) each outstanding Company
Preferred Stock Purchase Right shall become the right (the "Assumed Preferred
Stock Purchase Right") to purchase, and, upon exercise of such Assumed
Preferred Stock Purchase Right, Parent shall be obligated to issue, (A) that
number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of
shares of Company Common Stock (the "Purchase Right Conversion Shares")
issuable immediately prior to the Effective Time upon the assumed conversion
of the shares of Series B Stock issuable upon the assumed exercise of such
Company Preferred Stock Purchase Right immediately prior to the
Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest
whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock and (B) in addition (I) if the
First Milestone is achieved, an additional number of shares of Parent Common
Stock equal to the product of the number of Purchase Right Conversion Shares
multiplied by the First Contingent Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the
nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (II) if the Second
Milestone is achieved, an additional number of shares of Parent Common Stock
equal to the product of the number of Purchase Right Conversion Shares
multiplied by the Second Contingent Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the
nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) the per share
purchase price for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable only pursuant
to clause (A) above upon exercise of such Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase
Right shall be equal to the quotient determined by dividing (1) the quotient
determined by dividing (a) the aggregate purchase price for all of the shares
of Series B Stock for which the Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Right was
exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by (b) the number of
shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the assumed conversion of all
shares of Series B Stock described in the preceding clause (a) immediately
prior to the Effective Time by (2) the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the
nearest whole cent and (iii) other than as set forth in the foregoing
clause (ii), no additional purchase price shall be due or payable with
respect to any shares of Parent Common Stock issued or issuable upon or on
account of the exercise of such Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Right. In
the event that any Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Right is exercised, in
whole or in part, prior to the achievement of the First Milestone and/or the
Second Milestone, as the case may be, then, in the event that the First
Milestone and/or the Second Milestone, as the case may be, is or are achieved
following such exercise, Parent shall issue to the holder of such Assumed
Preferred    11    Stock Purchase Right (for no additional
consideration) that number of shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder
of such Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Right would have been entitled to
receive pursuant to clauses (B)(I) and/or (B)(II) above, as the case may be,
if the portion of such Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Right that was
exercised prior to the First Milestone Date and/or the Second Milestone Date,
as the case may be, were exercised on the First Milestone Date and/or the
Second Milestone Date, as the case may be. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company and the other parties to the Series B Purchase Agreement may amend
the Series B Purchase Agreement to provide for the cashless exercise and/or
net issue exercise of the Assumed Preferred Stock Purchase Rights, PROVIDED
that any such cashless exercise and/or net issue exercise provisions shall
become effective only from and after the Effective Time and, provided,
further, that no such amendment shall decrease the number of shares included
in the Diluted Number. Except as modified or changed in the
manner contemplated in this Section 1.7(e), each Assumed Preferred Stock
Purchase Right shall continue to have, and be subject to, the terms and
conditions set forth in the Series B Purchase Agreement as amended and in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time.  1.8 CLOSING OF COMPANY
TRANSFER BOOKS. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the
Company shall be closed and no further registration of transfers of shares of
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock shall thereafter be made. On
or after the Effective Time, any Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent
(as defined in SECTION 1.9) or Parent for any reason shall be converted into
the right to receive the Merger Consideration with respect to the shares
of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock formerly represented
thereby and any dividends or other distributions to which the holders thereof
are entitled pursuant to SECTION 1.13. For purposes of this Agreement, a
"Certificate" is a stock certificate that immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented outstanding shares of (i) Company Common Stock or (ii)
Company Preferred Stock that automatically converted into Company Common
Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time pursuant to the Certificate of
Designation, but for which no new stock certificate representing the shares
of Company Common Stock into which such Company Preferred Stock converted has
been issued, that were converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration.  1.9 EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.   (a) Parent shall authorize
one or more persons to act as Exchange Agent hereunder (the "Exchange Agent")
for at least (i) the period commencing on the date hereof and ending six
months after the Effective Time, (ii) the period commencing on the First
Milestone Date and ending six months after such date, and (iii) the period
commencing on the Second Milestone Date and ending six months after such
date. At least seven business days prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of Company Common
Stock that will be converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form and
containing such provisions as Parent may reasonably specify, (ii) such other
customary documents as may be required including without limitation, a Form
W-9, and (iii) instructions for surrendering their Certificates in exchange
for the Initial Merger Consideration (the "Transmittal Materials"). Promptly
after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will deliver to each Company
stockholder who has properly completed and returned such Transmittal
Materials to the Exchange Agent at or prior to    12    the Closing,
together with the Certificate or Certificates which immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented such holder\'s outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock, (i) a certificate representing that number of whole shares of
Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company Common Stock
theretofore represented by the Certificates so surrendered shall have been
converted pursuant to SECTION 1.6(a) and (ii) a check in the amount of any
cash due with respect to such shares pursuant to SECTION 1.6(c) or SECTION
1.13. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any such amounts. At the
Effective Time, Parent shall deliver to the Exchange Agent sufficient shares
of Parent Common Stock and cash for any fractional shares to satisfy the
Initial Merger Consideration.   (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, but
in no event later than five business days following the Effective Time,
Parent or the Exchange Agent will send to each former holder of record of
shares of Company Common Stock that were converted into the right to receive
the Merger Consideration who has not previously submitted properly completed
Transmittal Materials with Certificates to the Exchange Agent at or before
the Closing, as permitted by SECTION 1.9(a) above, instructions for
exchanging his, her or its Certificates for the applicable portion of the
Initial Merger Consideration into which such shares of Company Common Stock
(other than any Dissenting Shares) have been converted. Upon surrender of
Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with a letter
of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk
of loss of, and title to, the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of
the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and other requested documents and in
accordance with the instructions thereon, the holder of such Certificates
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (i) a
certificate representing that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
into which the shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock
theretofore represented by the Certificates so surrendered shall have been
converted pursuant to SECTION 1.6(a) and (ii) a check in the amount of any
cash due with respect to such shares pursuant to SECTION 1.6(c) or SECTION
1.13. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any such amounts.   (c)
Until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of this SECTION 1.9, each
Certificate shall represent for all purposes only the right to receive the
Merger Consideration and, if applicable, amounts under SECTION 1.13.
Shares of Parent Common Stock into which shares of Company Common Stock and
Company Preferred Stock shall be converted in the Merger at the Effective
Time shall be deemed to have been issued at the Effective Time. If any
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock are to be issued in a
name other than that in which the Certificate surrendered is registered, it
shall be a condition of such exchange that the person requesting such
exchange shall deliver to the Exchange Agent all documents necessary to
evidence and effect such transfer and shall pay to the Exchange Agent any
transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate
representing shares of Parent Common Stock in a name other than that of the
registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or establish to the
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable. Beginning the date which is six months following the Closing
Date, Parent shall act as the Exchange Agent with respect to the
Initial Merger Consideration and thereafter any holder of an unsurrendered
Certificate shall look solely to Parent for any Initial Merger Consideration
to which such Holder may be due, subject to applicable law. Beginning on the
date that is six months following each of the First Milestone Date and the
Second Milestone    13    Date, Parent shall act as the Exchange Agent
with respect to the portion of the Contingent Merger Consideration that is
payable with respect to the First Milestone or Second Milestone, as the case
may be, and thereafter any Holder shall look solely to Parent for any
Contingent Merger Consideration to which such Holder may be due, subject to
applicable law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any
portion of the Initial Merger Consideration or the Contingent Merger
Consideration remaining unclaimed five years after the Effective Time, the
First Milestone Date or the Second Milestone Date, as the case may be, (or
such earlier date immediately prior to such time as such amounts would
otherwise escheat to, or become property of, any Governmental Entity) shall,
to the extent permitted by law, become the property of Parent free and clear
of any claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.   (d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amounts shall be payable at the Effective
Time with respect to any Dissenting Shares or any shares of Company Common
Stock with respect to which dissenters\' rights have not terminated. In the
case of Dissenting Shares, payment shall be made in accordance with
SECTION 1.6(f) and the DGCL. In the case of any shares of Company Common
Stock with respect to which dissenters\' rights have not terminated as of the
Effective Time, if such shares of Company Common Stock become Dissenting
Shares, payment shall be made in accordance with SECTION 1.6(f) and the DGCL,
and if, instead, the dissenters\' rights with respect to such Dissenting
Shares irrevocably terminate after the Effective Time, such Dissenting Shares
shall be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, subject to the other
provisions of this Agreement.  1.10 NO LIABILITY. None of Parent, the
Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any person in
respect of any shares (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or
cash payments delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
escheat, abandoned property or similar law.  1.11 LOST CERTIFICATES. If any
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost,
stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by such person of
a bond in such reasonable amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Exchange Agent shall deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate, applicable certificates representing shares of Parent Common
Stock, cash in lieu of fractional shares and any amounts due pursuant
to SECTION 1.13.  1.12 WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. Parent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock, Company Options,
Company Warrants or Company Preferred Stock Purchase Rights such amounts as
it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code, or any other provision of federal, state, local or
foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent, such
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock, or
Company Options, Company Warrants or Company Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.   
14    1.13 DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES. No dividend
or other distribution declared with respect to Parent Common Stock with a
record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to holders of
unsurrendered Certificates until such holders surrender such Certificates.
Upon the surrender of such Certificates in accordance with SECTION 1.9, there
shall be paid to such holders, promptly after such surrender, the amount of
dividends or other distributions, without interest, declared with a record
date after the Effective Time and not paid because of the failure to
surrender such Certificates for exchange.  1.14 RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER;
LEGENDS.   (a) The shares of Parent Common Stock comprising the
Merger Consideration have not been registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or under the securities laws of any
state or other jurisdiction in reliance upon exemptions thereunder. Such
shares of Parent Common Stock shall be characterized as "restricted
securities" and cannot be resold unless and until they are registered by
Parent under the Securities Act pursuant to SECTION 4.8 and any applicable
securities law of any state or other jurisdiction, or an exemption from
registration is available.   (b) Subject to the provisions set forth in this
SECTION 1.14(b), each certificate representing the shares of Parent Common
Stock shall bear a legend identical or similar in effect to the following
legend (together with any other legend or legends required by applicable
state securities laws or otherwise):   THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, AND  MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, TRANSFERRED OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT (i) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR (ii) PURSUANT TO AN  AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER SAID ACT AND, IF  REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, UPON DELIVERY
OF AN OPINION OF  COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED
TRANSFER  IS EXEMPT FROM SAID ACT.   Parent shall issue a certificate
without the foregoing legend, if, unless otherwise required by state
securities law, prior to such issuance (i) such shares of Parent Common Stock
are registered for sale under the Securities Act pursuant to SECTION 4.8 and
(ii) the stockholder has delivered to Parent the documents contemplated by
SECTION 4.8(g), including an undertaking to comply with the Securities Act
prospectus delivery requirements. The legend set forth above shall be removed
and Parent shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of
shares of Parent Common Stock upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise
required by state securities laws, (i) such shares of Parent Common Stock are
registered for sale under the Securities Act pursuant to SECTION 4.8 and the
stockholder has delivered to Parent the documents contemplated by SECTION
4.8(g), including an undertaking to comply with the Securities Act prospectus
delivery requirements, (ii) in connection with a sale transaction, such
holder provides    15    Parent with an opinion of counsel, in a
generally acceptable form, to the effect that a public sale, assignment or
transfer of the shares of Parent Common Stock may be made without
registration under the Securities Act, or (iii) such shares are eligible for
resale by non-affiliates of Parent pursuant to Rule 144(k) promulgated under
the Securities Act or a successor rule.  1.15 FURTHER ASSURANCES. At and
after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving
Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on
behalf of the Company, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances
and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company, any other
actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
any of the rights, properties or assets acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.   
SECTION 2 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as set
forth on the disclosure schedule prepared and signed by the Company and
delivered by the Company to Parent on the date hereof (the "Company
Disclosure Schedule"), the Company hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to Parent and Merger Sub. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement or the Company Disclosure Schedule, each exception set
forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule will be deemed to qualify each
representation and warranty set forth in this Agreement (i) that
is specifically identified (by cross-reference or otherwise) in the
Company Disclosure Schedule as being qualified by such exception, or (ii)
with respect to which the relevance of such exception is reasonably apparent
on the face of the disclosure of such exception set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule.  2.1 ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.   (a) The
Company and each Company Subsidiary (as defined in SECTION 2.4(a)) is a
corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and
has corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease and operate its
assets and to carry on its business as now being and as heretofore conducted.
The Company and each Company Subsidiary is qualified or otherwise authorized
to transact business as a foreign corporation or other organization in
all jurisdictions in which such qualification or authorization is required by
law, except for jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or
authorized could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on the assets, properties, business, results of operations or financial
condition of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (a
"Company Material Adverse Effect"). SECTION 2.1 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of the jurisdictions in which
the Company and each Company Subsidiary is qualified or otherwise authorized
to transact business.   (b) The Company previously has provided to Parent
true and complete copies of the charter and bylaws or other organizational
documents of the Company and each Company Subsidiary as presently in effect,
and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in default in the
performance, observation or fulfillment of such documents. The minute books
of    16    the Company, copies of which the Company previously has
provided to Parent, contain true and complete records of all meetings and
consents in lieu of meetings of the Board of Directors (and any committees
thereof) and of the stockholders of the Company since the time of the
Company\'s incorporation and accurately reflect all transactions referred to
in such minutes and consents in lieu of meetings. The stock record books of
the Company, copies of which the Company previously has provided to Parent,
are true and complete.  2.2 AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE AND PERFORM AGREEMENTS. The
Company has the corporate power and authority to enter into, execute and
deliver this Agreement and, in the case of consummation of the Merger,
subject to the adoption of this Agreement by the requisite vote of the
holders of the Company\'s outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon,
to perform fully its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company. No other
action on the part of the Company is necessary to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby (other than adoption of this Agreement by the requisite
vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company). This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, and other similar laws affecting the rights and
remedies of creditors generally and general principles of equity. The only
votes of the Company\'s stockholders required in connection with this
Agreement and the amendment to the Certificate of Designation as provided in
SECTION 1.7(d) are (i) with respect to the adoption of this Agreement, (A)
the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock (voting as a single class) and (B) the affirmative vote of 75%
of the outstanding shares of the Company\'s Series A Stock and Series B
Stock (voting together as a single class) and (ii) with respect to the
amendment of the Certificate of Designation, the affirmative vote of 75% of
the outstanding shares of the Company\'s Series A Stock and Series B Stock
(voting together as a single class). The persons and entities set forth in
SECTION 2.2 of the Company\'s Disclosure Schedule who have delivered a Voting
Agreement in connection with the execution of this Agreement hold as of
August 6, 2001 a number of affirmative votes of (i) Company Common Stock
equal to at least 75% of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock and (ii) Company Preferred Stock (on an as-converted
basis) equal to at least 75% of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of
Company Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis).  2.3 CAPITALIZATION AND
TITLE TO SHARES.   (a) The Company is authorized to issue 5,595,000 shares
of Company Common Stock, of which 1,759,896 shares were issued and
outstanding as of August 3, 2001. All of the issued and outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of pre-emptive rights. SECTION 2.3(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule includes a true and complete list of all outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock.   (b) The
Company has reserved 871,675 shares of Company Common Stock for issuance
pursuant to the Company Options. Company Options to purchase 279,484 shares
of Company Common Stock were outstanding as of August 3, 2001. SECTION 2.3(b)
of the    17    Company Disclosure Schedule includes a true and
complete list of all Company Options with grant dates, expiration dates,
vesting schedules and exercise prices. True and complete copies of all
instruments (or the forms of such instruments) referred to in this section
have been furnished previously to Parent. Except as indicated in SECTION
2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not obligated to
accelerate the vesting of any Company Options as a result of the Merger.  
(c) The Company has reserved 44,344 shares of Company Common Stock
for issuance pursuant to the Company Warrants. Company Warrants to purchase
44,344 shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding as of August 3, 2001.
SECTION 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule includes a true and
complete list of all outstanding warrants with grant dates, expiration dates
and exercise prices. True and complete copies of all instruments (or the
forms of such instruments) referred to in this section have been furnished
previously to Parent.   (d) The Company has reserved 75,000 shares of
Company Common Stock for issuance upon conversion of the Convertible
Debentures. True and complete copies of the Convertible Debentures have been
furnished previously to Parent.   (e) The Company is authorized to issue
2,905,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which (i) 1,112,500 shares
are designated as Series A Stock, 1,025,915 shares of which are issued and
outstanding as of August 1, 2001 and (ii) 1,780,000 shares are designated as
Series B Stock, 796,529 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of
August 1, 2001. All the issued and outstanding shares of Company Preferred
Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, and
free of pre-emptive rights, except as set forth in SECTION 2.3(e) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule. As of August 1, 2001, all the outstanding shares
of Series A Stock are convertible into 1,096,425 shares of Company Common
Stock, and all the outstanding shares of Series B Stock are convertible into
814,862 shares of Company Common Stock. There are 796,529 shares of Series B
Stock issuable upon exercise of all the Company Preferred Stock Purchase
Rights.   (f) Except for (i) shares indicated as issued and outstanding on
August 1, 2001 specified in SECTION 2.3(a) and (ii) shares issued after
August 1, 2001, upon (A) the exercise of outstanding Company Options listed
in SECTION 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (B) the exercise of
outstanding Company Warrants listed in SECTION 2.3(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, (C) conversion of the Convertible Debentures or (D) the
conversion of all the outstanding Company Preferred Stock, there are not as
of the date hereof, and at the Effective Time, there will not be, any shares
of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding.   (g) The Company\'s
authorized capital stock consists solely of the Company Common Stock
described in SECTION 2.3(a) and the Company Preferred Stock described in
SECTION 2.3(e). There are not as of the date hereof, and at the Effective
Time there will not be, authorized or outstanding any subscriptions, options,
conversion or exchange rights, warrants, repurchase or redemption agreements,
or other agreements, claims or commitments of any nature
whatsoever obligating the Company to issue, transfer, deliver or sell, or
cause to be issued,    18    transferred, delivered, sold, repurchased
or redeemed, additional shares of the capital stock or other securities of
the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such
agreement, other than (i) the Company Options listed in SECTION 2.3(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, (ii) the Company Warrants listed in SECTION
2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) the Convertible Debentures,
(iv) the Company Preferred Stock listed in SECTION 2.3(e) and (v) the Company
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights identified in SECTION 2.3(e). Except as set
forth in SECTION 2.3(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge
of the Company, there are no stockholder agreements, voting trusts, proxies
or other agreements, instruments or understandings with respect to the voting
of the capital stock of the Company.   (h) Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary beneficially owns any shares of capital stock of
Parent.   (i) The Company has no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or
other indebtedness which have the right to vote on any matters on which
stockholders may vote.   (j) To the knowledge of the Company, there are not
more than 35 stockholders of the Company who do not qualify as "accredited
investors" (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act).  2.4 COMPANY SUBSIDIARIES AND
COMPANY JOINT VENTURES.   (a) SECTION 2.4(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth all of the Company Subsidiaries and the jurisdiction in
which each is incorporated or organized, and each jurisdiction in which it is
qualified or otherwise authorized to transact business. All issued and
outstanding shares or other equity interests of each Company Subsidiary are
owned directly by the Company free and clear of any charges, liens,
encumbrances, security interests or adverse claims. SECTION 2.4(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule also sets forth for each Company Subsidiary the
individuals who comprise the board of directors or comparable body for each
such entity. The Company agrees to take, or cause to be taken, the actions
necessary so that those individuals will resign and be replaced by
individuals specified by Parent effective as of the Effective Time. As used
in this Agreement, "Company Subsidiary" means any corporation, partnership or
other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is a general partner or (ii) at least 50%
of the securities or other interests having voting power to elect a majority
of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect
to such corporation, partnership or other organization are directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by the Company or by any Company Subsidiary,
or by the Company and one or more Company Subsidiaries.   (b) There are not
as of the date hereof, and at the Effective Time there will not be, any
subscriptions, options, conversion or exchange rights, warrants, repurchase
or redemption agreements, or other agreements, claims or commitments of any
nature whatsoever obligating any Company Subsidiary to issue, transfer,
deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, transferred, delivered,
sold, repurchased or redeemed, shares of the capital stock or other
securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or obligating the Company
or any Company Subsidiary to grant, extend or enter into any such agreement.
To the knowledge of the    19    Company, there are no stockholder
agreements, voting trusts, proxies or other agreements, instruments or
understandings with respect to the voting of the capital stock of any Company
Subsidiary.   (c) The Company holds no interest in a Joint Venture. The term
"Joint Venture" means any corporation or other entity (including
partnerships, limited liability companies and other business associations)
that is not a Company Subsidiary and in which the Company or one or more
Company Subsidiaries owns an equity interest (other than equity interests
held for passive investment purposes which are less than 10% of any class of
the outstanding voting securities or other equity of any such entity).  2.5
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The Company has previously delivered to Parent
the audited financial statements of the Company for the years ended December
31, 1999 and December 31, 2000 (including the notes thereto) (the "Audited
Financial Statements"), including the audited balance sheet of the Company at
December 31, 2000 (the "Company Balance Sheet"), and the unaudited balance
sheet of the Company at June 30, 2001 and the related statements of
operations and cash flows for such periods. All of such financial statements
referred to in this section are collectively referred to herein as the
"Company Financial Statements." The Company Financial Statements have been
prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of the
Company and present fairly the consolidated financial position and the
results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as of the
dates and for the periods indicated, in each case in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a
consistent basis, except as otherwise stated therein and, in the case of
unaudited interim financial statements, except to the extent that they may
not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements and
subject to normal year-end adjustments that have not been and are not
expected to be material in amount.  2.6 ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.
As at December 31, 2000, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries had no
material liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise (including without limitation, liabilities as guarantor or
otherwise with respect to obligations of others or liabilities for taxes due
or then accrued or to become due), required to be reflected or disclosed in
the Company Balance Sheet (or notes thereto) that were not adequately
reflected or reserved against on the Company Balance Sheet. The Company has
no material liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise, other than liabilities (i) adequately reflected or reserved
against on the Company Balance Sheet, (ii) included in SECTION 2.6 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) included in any other representation
or warranty in Article 2 of this Agreement or the section of the Company
Disclosure Schedule related thereto, or (iv) incurred since December 31, 2000
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.  2.7
ABSENCE OF ADVERSE CHANGES.   (a) Except as set forth in SECTION 2.7(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2000, there has not been
any change, event or circumstance that has had, or is reasonably likely to
have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.    20     (b) Except as set
forth in SECTION 2.7(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there has not
been any action taken by the Company or any Company Subsidiary during the
period from December 31, 2000 through the date of this Agreement that, if
taken during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Effective
Time, would constitute a breach of SECTION 4.1(b).   (c) The Company has no
knowledge of any studies or tests, the results of which call into question
the results of any animal study or preclinical test conducted by or on behalf
of the Company and previously disclosed to Parent (the "STUDIES"). The
Company has not received any notices or correspondence from the FDA or any
other Governmental Entity (as defined below) requiring the termination,
suspension or a modification which would result in a materially adverse
change in any such Studies.  2.8 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.   (a) The Company
and the Company Subsidiaries have all licenses, permits, franchises, orders
or approvals of any federal, state, local or foreign governmental,
administrative or regulatory body, authority, or agency (a "Governmental
Entity") material to the conduct of their businesses as presently being
conducted (collectively, "Permits"); such Permits are in full force
and effect; and no proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened to revoke or limit any Permit.   (b) The Company and
the Company Subsidiaries are not in violation of and have no liabilities,
whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, under any federal, state,
local or foreign law, ordinance or regulation ("Law") or any order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other requirement ("Orders") of any Governmental
Entity, relating to the operation of clinical testing laboratories, labor and
employment practices, health and safety, zoning, pollution or protection of
the environment, except for violations of or liabilities under any of the
foregoing which could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   (c) Each product or product candidate
subject to the FDA jurisdiction under the United States Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act ("FDCA") that is manufactured, tested, distributed, held,
and/or marketed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary is being
manufactured, tested, distributed, held and marketed in compliance with all
applicable requirements under the FDCA including, but not limited to, those
relating to investigational use, premarket clearance, good manufacturing
practices, labeling, advertising, record keeping, filing of reports and
security.   (d) The Company has, prior to the execution of this Agreement,
provided to Parent copies of, or access to, all documents in its or any
Company Subsidiary\'s possession material to assessing compliance with the
FDCA and its implementing regulations, including, but not limited to, copies
of (i) all warning letters, notices of adverse findings and similar
correspondence received since the Company\'s inception, (ii) all audit
reports performed since the Company\'s inception, and (iii) any document
concerning any significant oral or written communication received from the
FDA since the Company\'s inception.    21     (e) Neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any
director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the
Company, or any Company Subsidiary, has used any corporate or other funds for
unlawful contributions, payments, gifts, or entertainment, or made any
unlawful expenditures relating to political activity to government officials
or others, or established or maintained any unlawful or unrecorded funds in
violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any
other domestic or foreign law. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee
or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Company Subsidiary,
has accepted or received any unlawful contributions, payments, gifts or
expenditures.  2.9 ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. There are no outstanding Orders
of any Governmental Entity against the Company, any Company Subsidiary, or
any of their securities, assets or properties. Except as set forth in SECTION
2.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no actions, suits or claims
or legal, administrative or arbitration proceedings pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, any Company
Subsidiary, or any of their securities, assets or properties or their
officers and directors, in their respective capacities as such that will or
could reasonably be expected to result in damages in excess of $50,000. To
the knowledge of the Company, there is no fact, event or circumstance now in
existence that reasonably could be expected to give rise to any action, suit,
claim, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the aggregate,
could be reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
materially interfere with the Company\'s ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby.  2.10 CONTRACTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS.  
(a) SECTION 2.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of the
following contracts and other agreements to which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is a party or by or to which they or their assets or properties
are bound or subject:   (i) any agreement (A) involving research,
development or the license of Proprietary Rights (as defined in SECTION
2.12), (B) granting a right of first refusal, or right of first offer or
comparable right with respect to Proprietary Rights, (C) relating to a joint
venture, partnership or other arrangement involving a sharing of profits,
losses, costs or liabilities with another person or entity, (D) providing for
the payment or receipt by the Company or a Company Subsidiary of milestone
payments or royalties, (E) containing a "most favored nation" pricing or
terms clause, or (F) that individually requires aggregate expenditures by the
Company and/or any Company Subsidiary in any one year of more than
$25,000;   (ii) any indenture, trust agreement, loan agreement or note
that involves or evidences outstanding indebtedness, obligations or
liabilities for borrowed money;   (iii) any agreement of surety, guarantee
or indemnification;    22     (iv) any agreement that limits or
restricts the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their affiliates or
successors in competing or engaging in any line of business, in any
therapeutic area, in any geographic area or with any person;   (v) any
interest rate, equity or other swap or derivative instrument;   (vi) any
agreement obligating the Company to register securities under the Securities
Act;   (vii) any agreement for the sale of any of the securities, assets or
properties of the Company other than in the ordinary course of business
or for the grant to any person of any options, rights of first refusal,
or preferential or similar rights to purchase any of such securities, assets
or properties;   (viii) any agreement in which the Company is the purchaser
of goods or services and that requires less than 30 days\' notice to be
cancelled by the Company or an assignee of the Company to avoid incurring a
liability, premium or penalty;   (ix) any agreement relating to the
acquisition by the Company of any operating business or the capital stock of
any other person;   (x) any agreement requiring the payment to any person of
a commission or fee other than in the ordinary course of business or
providing for sharing of fees, rebating of charges, or similar
arrangements;   (xi) any agreement with any current or former officer,
director, stockholder, employee, consultant, agent or other representative of
the Company, including any agreement for the payment of fees or other
consideration to any entity in which any officer or director of the Company
has an interest; or   (xii) any other material agreement whether or not made
in the ordinary course of business.  All of the contracts and other
agreements required to be set forth in SECTION 2.10 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule are valid, subsisting, in full force and effect, binding upon the
Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the
Company, binding upon the other parties thereto in accordance with their
terms, and the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have paid in full or
accrued all amounts now due from them thereunder, and have satisfied in full
or provided for all of their liabilities and obligations thereunder which are
presently required to be satisfied or provided for and are not in default
under any of them, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, is any other party
to any such contract or other agreement in default thereunder, nor does any
condition exist that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a
default thereunder. True and complete copies of all of the contracts and
other agreements (and all written amendments or other modifications thereto)
referred to in SECTION 2.10 or SECTION 2.11(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule have been provided previously to Parent.    23    2.11 TITLE
TO PROPERTIES; ABSENCE OF LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES.   (a) The Company and the
Company Subsidiaries do not own any real property or any buildings or other
structures nor have options or any contractual obligations to purchase or
acquire any interest in real property. SECTION 2.11(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule lists all real property leases to which the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries are a party and each amendment thereto. All such
current leases are in full force and effect, are valid and effective in
accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, under any of such
leases, any existing default or event of default (or event that with notice
or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) that could reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) The Company and
the Company Subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or, in the case of
leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of their
tangible properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, used or held for
use in its business, and such properties and assets, as well as all other
properties and assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries,
whether tangible or intangible, are free and clear of any liens, pledges,
charges, claims, security interests or other encumbrances of any sort
("Liens"), except as reflected in the Audited Financial Statements or in
SECTION 2.11(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and except for Liens for
Taxes not yet due and payable and such imperfections of title and
encumbrances, if any, that are not material in character, amount or extent,
and that do not materially detract from the value, or materially interfere
with the present use, of the property subject thereto or affected
thereby.   (c) The equipment, furniture, leasehold improvements,
fixtures, vehicles, any related capitalized items and other tangible property
material to the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in
good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted. SECTION
2.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct summary
of capital assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries with individual
descriptions of major capital assets acquired from January 1, 1999 through
August 1, 2001.  2.12 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.  (a) The Company and the
Company Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, or otherwise have the full
legal right to use all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade
secrets, franchises, inventions, copyrights, and all other technology and
intellectual property (including, without limitation, biological materials),
all registrations of any of the foregoing, or applications therefor, and all
grants and licenses or other rights running to or from the Company or a
Company Subsidiary relating to any of the foregoing that are material to
their businesses as presently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted,
including without limitation those related to the Company\'s phosphorylation
and glycosylation technologies and current products under development
(collectively, the "Proprietary Rights"). A list of all registered copyrights
and trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents and patent applications,
and biological materials held by or licensed to the Company or a Company
Subsidiary has been delivered previously to Parent and is included in SECTION
2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule. All patents, registered trademarks
and copyrights set forth on    24    the list referred to above are
valid and subsisting and are not subject to any taxes, maintenance fees or
actions falling due within 90 days of the date of this Agreement. The Company
is not aware of any claim by any third party that the businesses of the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries (including products under development)
infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, nor has the Company or any
Company Subsidiary received any notice or claim of infringement from any
third party. The Company is not aware of any existing or
threatened infringement by any third party on, or any competing claim of
right to use or own any of, the Proprietary Rights. Except as disclosed in
SECTION 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have the unencumbered right to sell their products and services
(whether now offered for sale or under development) free from any royalty or
other obligations to third parties.   (b) To the knowledge of the Company,
none of the activities of the employees of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary on behalf of such entity violates any agreement or arrangement
which any such employees have with former employers. To the Company\'s
knowledge, all employees and consultants who contributed to the discovery or
development of any of the Proprietary Rights (other than Proprietary Rights
licensed to the Company or a Company Subsidiary by any party other than a
consultant to the Company or Company Subsidiary) did so either (a) within the
scope of his or her employment such that, in accordance with applicable law,
all Proprietary Rights arising therefrom became the exclusive property of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or (b) pursuant to written agreements
assigning or licensing all Proprietary Rights arising therefrom to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary.  2.13 INSURANCE. SECTION 2.13 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all
policies or binders of fire, liability, product liability, workmen\'s
compensation, vehicular, directors\' and officers\' and other insurance held
by or on behalf of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as of the date of
this Agreement. To the Company\'s knowledge, such policies are in full force
and effect. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in material
default with respect to any provision contained in such policy or binder nor
has any of the Company or a Company Subsidiary failed to give any notice or
present any claim under any such policy or binder in due and timely fashion.
There are no outstanding unpaid claims under any such policy or
binder. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received notice
of cancellation or non-renewal of any such policy or binder.  2.14
COMMERCIAL RELATIONSHIPS. The relationships of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries with their suppliers, distributors, collaborators,
licensors and licensees are generally good commercial working relationships.
No such entity has canceled or otherwise terminated its relationship with the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or has, during the last twelve months,
materially altered its relationship with the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. The Company does not know of any plan or intention of any such
entity, and has not received any written threat or notice from any such
entity, to terminate, cancel or otherwise materially and adversely modify its
relationship with the Company or any Company Subsidiary.    25    2.15
TAX MATTERS.   (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" (and,
with correlative meaning, "Taxes" and "Taxable") means all United States
federal, state and local, and all foreign, income, profits, franchise, gross
receipts, payroll, transfer, sales, employment, use, property, excise, value
added, AD VALOREM, estimated, stamp, alternative or add-on minimum,
recapture, environmental, withholding and any other taxes, charges, duties,
impositions or assessments, together with all interest, penalties, and
additions imposed on or with respect to such amounts, including any liability
for taxes of a predecessor entity. "Tax Return" means any return,
declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement
filed or required to be filed with any taxing authority in connection with
the determination, assessment, collection or imposition of any Taxes.   (b)
All Tax Returns required to be filed on or before the date hereof by or with
respect to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been filed within
the time and in the manner prescribed by law. All such Tax Returns are true,
correct and complete in all material respects, and all Taxes owed by
the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, whether or not shown on any Tax
Return (including all withholding and payroll Taxes), have been paid. The
Company has not received written notice of any claim by any taxing authority
in any other jurisdiction that the Company or the Company Subsidiaries are or
may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.   (c) There are no Liens
or other encumbrances with respect to Taxes upon any of the assets or
properties of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, other than with
respect to Taxes not yet due and payable.   (d) No audit is currently
pending with respect to any Tax Return of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries, nor has the Company received any written communication from any
taxing authority which has caused or should reasonably cause it to believe
that an audit is forthcoming. No deficiency for any Taxes has been proposed
in writing against the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, which deficiency
has not been paid in full. No issue relating to the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries or involving any Tax for which the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries might be liable has been resolved in favor of any
taxing authority in any audit or examination which, by application of the
same principles, could reasonably be expected to result in a deficiency for
Taxes of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries for any subsequent
period.   (e) There are no outstanding agreements, waivers or
arrangements extending the statutory period of limitation applicable to any
claim for, or the period for the collection or assessment of, Taxes due from
or with respect to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries for any taxable
period, no power of attorney granted by or with respect to the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries relating to Taxes is currently in force, and no
extension of time for filing any Tax Return required to be filed by or on
behalf of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is in force. The Company has
delivered to Parent complete and correct copies of all income Tax Returns,
audit reports and statements of deficiencies for each of the taxable years
since its inception filed by or issued to or with respect to the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries.    26     (f) With respect to any period for
which Tax Returns have not yet been filed, or for which Taxes are not yet due
or owing, the Company has made such accruals for such Taxes in the Audited
Financial Statements as are required by GAAP.   (g) No consent to the
application of Section 341(f)(2) of the Code (or any predecessor provision)
has been made or filed by or with respect to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or any of their assets or properties.   (h) The Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are not a party to or bound by, nor do they have any
obligation under, any Tax sharing agreement or similar contract or
arrangement. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any liability
for the Taxes of any person other than the Company or a Company Subsidiary
under Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.  
(i) There is no contract or agreement, plan or arrangement obligating the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries to make any payment that would not
be deductible by reason of Section 162(m) or 280G of the Code. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has agreed to, or is required to, make
any adjustments under Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in
accounting method or otherwise.   (j) Neither the Company nor the Company
Subsidiaries are, or were during the applicable period specified in Section
897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a United States real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.  2.16
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.   (a) SECTION 2.16 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a complete list of all pension, savings, profit sharing,
retirement, deferred compensation, welfare, fringe benefit, medical or life
insurance, short and long term disability, incentive, bonus, stock, vacation
pay, severance pay and similar plans, programs or arrangements (the "Plans"),
including without limitation, all cafeteria plans maintained under Section
125 of the Code and employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")
maintained by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries or to which the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party or is required to
contribute.   (b) The Company has delivered or made available to Parent
current, accurate and complete copies of (i) each Plan that has been reduced
to writing and all amendments thereto, (ii) a summary of the material terms
of each Plan that has not been reduced to writing, including all amendments
thereto, (iii) the summary plan description for each Plan subject to Title I
of ERISA, and in the case of each other Plan, any similar employee summary
(including but not limited to any employee handbook description), (iv) for
each Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) or Section 501(c)(9)
of the Code, the most recent determination letter or exemption determination
issued by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), (v) for each Plan with
respect to which a Form 5500 series annual report/return is required to be
filed, the    27    most recently filed such annual report/return and
annual report/return for the two preceding years, together with all schedules
and exhibits, (vi) all insurance contracts, administrative services
contracts, trust agreements, investment management agreements or similar
agreements maintained in connection with any Plan, (vii) any correspondence
from the IRS, Department of Labor ("DOL") or other U.S. government agency or
department relating to an audit or an asserted or assessed penalty with
respect to a Plan or relating to requested relief from any liability or
penalty (including, but not limited to, any correspondence relating to the
IRS\'s EPCRS, APRSC, VCR, CAP or Walk-in Cap, VCP, VCO, VCS or similar
programs, or the DOL\'s amnesty programs for late filers and non-filers or
for correction of fiduciary breaches), (viii) for each Plan that is a defined
benefit pension plan, the most recent actuarial valuation report and
actuarial valuation report for the two preceding years, (ix) for each
Plan that is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a), any
previously prepared copies of compliance testing results (nondiscrimination
testing (401(a)(4), 410, 411, ADP, ACP, multiple use), 402(g), 415 and top-
heavy tests) for the most recent plan year and three preceding plan years and
(x) COBRA and HIPAA forms and notices used for each Plan that is a group
health plan.   (c) There is no entity (other than the Company or any
Company Subsidiary) that together with the Company or any Company Subsidiary
would be treated as a single-employer within the meaning of Section 414(b),
(c), (m), (n) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has ever maintained, contributed to or
incurred any liability under: (i) any "multiemployer plan" as defined in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA or a "multiple employer plan" as defined in
Section 413(c) of the Code; (ii) any pension plan subject to Title IV of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA; or (iii) any
voluntary employees\' beneficiary association within the meaning of Section
501(c)(9) of the Code or any welfare benefit fund within the meaning of
Section 419(e) of the Code. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary
has incurred any liability under Sections 4062, 4063 or 4201 of ERISA.  
(d) Each Plan maintained by the Company or a Company Subsidiary which is
intended to be qualified under either Section 401(a) or 501(c)(9) of the
Code ("Qualified Plans") has been determined to be so qualified by the IRS,
and to the Company\'s knowledge no circumstances exist that could reasonably
be expected to cause the Qualified Plans to lose such qualified status. Each
such Plan and each other Plan has been administered in all material respects
in accordance with the terms of such Plan and the provisions of any Law,
including without limitation ERISA and the Code, and to the knowledge of the
Company, nothing has been done or not done with respect to any Plan that
could result in any liability on the part of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary with respect to a violation of any requirement of Title I of ERISA
or Chapter 43 of the Code. All reports, forms and notices required to be
filed with respect to each Plan, including without limitation Form 5500
series annual reports/returns and PBGC Form 1s, have been timely filed. All
contributions, and premiums and other amounts due to or in connection with
each Plan under the terms of the Plan or applicable law have been timely made
except for any failure or failures which could not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, and provision has been made on the
Company Balance Sheet for such contributions, premiums and other amounts that
were due as of the date of the Company Balance Sheet but were attributable to
service before such date.    28     (e) No "reportable event" as
defined in Section 4043 of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA. With respect to each Plan subject to Title IV
of ERISA, such Plan has no unfunded benefit liabilities and such Plan could
be terminated in a "standard termination" under Section 4041(b) of ERISA on
or before the Effective Time without any additional contribution from any
contributing employer (but disregarding any other prerequisites for
terminating such Plan). With respect to each Plan subject to Section 412 of
the Code, there is no accumulated funding deficiency (whether or not waived)
under such Plan.   (f) Except as disclosed in SECTION 2.16(f) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, all claims for benefits under any employee welfare
benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA, or similar plan for
employee benefits not subject to ERISA, incurred by covered employees on or
before the Closing Date are or will be fully covered by third-party insurance
policies or programs. Except for continuation of health coverage to the
extent required under Section 4980B of the Code or Section 601 et seq. of
ERISA, other applicable law or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement,
there are no obligations under any Plan providing benefits after termination
of employment.   (g) There are no complaints, charges or claims against the
Company pending or threatened to be brought by or filed with any Governmental
Entity based on, arising out of, in connection with or otherwise relating to
the classification of any individual by the Company as an independent
contractor or "leased employee" (within the meaning of Section 414(n) of the
Code) rather than as an employee, and to the Company\'s knowledge no
conditions exist under which the Company could incur any liability based on,
arising from or in connection with any incorrect classification of any such
individual.   (h) Except for individual employment agreements, with respect
to each Plan: (i) that has been reduced to writing, the Company has done
nothing outside of such Plan that would interfere with or prohibit amending,
modifying or terminating such Plan without advance notice to or consent by
any employee, former employee or beneficiary and (ii) that has not been
reduced to writing, such Plan can be amended, modified or terminated without
advance notice to or consent by any employee, former employee or beneficiary,
except as required by law.   (i) Except as disclosed in SECTION 2.16 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, no current or former employee of the Company
will become entitled to any bonus, retirement, severance, job security or
similar benefit or enhanced benefit (including acceleration of vesting or
exercise of any equity incentive award) as a result of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby.  2.17 EMPLOYEE RELATIONS.   (a) The
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, collectively, have approximately 83
full-time equivalent employees and generally enjoy good employer-employee
relations. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is delinquent in
payments to any of its employees or consultants for any wages, salaries,
commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for any services performed
by them or amounts required to be reimbursed to such employees. Except as
disclosed in SECTION 2.17 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, upon   
29    termination of the employment of any employees, none of the Company,
the Company Subsidiaries nor Parent shall be liable, by reason of the Merger
or anything done prior to the Effective Time, to any of such employees for
severance pay or any other payments (other than accrued salary, vacation or
sick pay in accordance with normal policies). True and complete information
as to all current directors, officers, employees or consultants of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries including, in each case, name, current
job title and annual rate of compensation (including bonuses and equity
compensation) for each of the last two years has been made available
previously to Parent.   (b) The Company and each Company Subsidiary (i) is
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting employment, employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, in each
case, with respect to employees, (ii) has withheld all amounts required by
law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries and other
payments to employees, (iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages or any
taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing, and
(iv) is not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund or to any
Governmental Entity, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits,
social security or other benefits or obligations for employees (other than
routine payments to be made in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice).   (c) No work stoppage or labor strike against the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is
involved in or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened with, any labor
dispute, grievance, or litigation relating to labor, safety or discrimination
matters involving any employee, including without limitation charges of
unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, that, if adversely
determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has engaged in any
unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act
that would, directly or indirectly result in material liability to the
Company. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is presently, nor has
it been in the past, a party to or bound by any collective bargaining
agreement or union contract with respect to employees, and no collective
bargaining agreement is being negotiated by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. No union organizing campaign or activity with respect to non-
union employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is ongoing,
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.   (d) None of the
executive officers or key employees of the Company has given notice to the
Company, nor is the Company otherwise aware, that any such officer or
employee intends to terminate his or her employment with the Company.  2.18
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.   (a) Neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries has violated, is in violation of, or has been notified that it
is in violation of, Environmental Laws, and except in full compliance with
Environmental Laws, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries
has generated, used, handled, transported or stored any Hazardous Materials
or    30    shipped any Hazardous Materials for treatment, storage or
disposal at any other site or facility. There has been no generation, use,
handling, storage or disposal of any Hazardous Materials in violation of any
Environmental Laws at any site owned or operated by, or premises leased by,
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries during the period of the
Company\'s or such Company Subsidiary\'s ownership, operation or lease or, to
the Company\'s knowledge, prior thereto, nor has there been or is there
threatened any Release of any Environmental Contaminants into, on, at or from
any such site or premises, including without limitation into the ambient air,
groundwater, surface water, soils or subsurface strata, during such period
or, to the Company\'s knowledge, prior thereto in violation of any
Environmental Laws or which created or will create an obligation to report or
respond in any way to such Release. There is no underground storage tank or
other container at any site owned or operated by, or premises leased by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or, to the Company\'s knowledge, on any
site formerly owned or operated by, or premises formerly leased by, the
Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (b) Neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has received notification in any form that, and the Company has no
knowledge that, any site currently or formerly owned or operated by, or
premises currently or formerly leased by, the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is the subject of any federal, state or local civil, criminal or
administrative investigation evaluating whether, or alleging that, any action
is necessary to respond to a Release or a threatened Release of any
Environmental Contaminant. No such site or premises is listed, or to the
Company\'s knowledge, proposed for listing, on the National Priorities List
or the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability
Information System, both as provided under the federal
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
("CERCLA"), or any comparable state or local governmental lists. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received written notification of, and
the Company has no knowledge of, any potential responsibility of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of (i) CERCLA, (ii) any
similar federal, state, local or other Environmental Laws, or (iii) any Order
issued pursuant to the provisions of any such Environmental Laws with respect
to any Environmental Contaminant used, manufactured, generated, stored, or
treated at, transported from, or disposed of on, any site currently or
formerly owned or operated by, or premises currently or formerly leased by,
the Company or any Company Subsidiary.   (c) The Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have obtained all Permits required by Environmental Laws
necessary to enable them to conduct their respective businesses and are in
compliance with said Permits in all material aspects.   (d) There is no
environmental or health and safety matter that reasonably could be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company previously has
furnished to Parent copies of any and all environmental audits or risk
assessments, site assessments, documentation regarding off-site disposal of
Hazardous Materials or Release of Environmental Contaminant, spill control
plans and all other material correspondence, documents or communications with
any Governmental Entity regarding the foregoing.    31     (e) For
purposes of this Agreement:   (i) "Environmental Laws" means any federal,
state, local or foreign laws (including common law), regulations, codes,
rules, orders, ordinances, permits, requirements and final governmental
determinations pertaining to the environment, pollution or protection of
human health, safety or the environment, as adopted or in effect in the
jurisdictions in which the applicable site or premises are located, including
without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.; the Emergency
Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 11001 et seq.;
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901 et seq.;
the federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et seq.; the
federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. Section 136 et
seq.; the Toxic Substance Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.; the
Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. Section 1001 et seq.; the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801 et
seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, as amended 42 U.S.C. Section 2011 et seq.; the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. Section 651 et
seq.; the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended 21 U.S.C. Section
301 et seq. (insofar as it regulates employee exposure to Hazardous
Materials), and any state or local statute of similar effect; and including
without limitation any laws relating to protection of safety, health or the
environment which regulate the use of biological agents or substances
including medical or infectious wastes as any such laws have been
amended;   (ii) "Environmental Contaminant" means Hazardous Materials, or
any other pollutants, contaminants, toxic or constituent substances or
waste radioactive substances, materials or special wastes, petroleum or
petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls, asbestos containing materials,
or any other substance or material, in each case regulated by applicable
Environmental Laws;   (iii) "Hazardous Materials" means (A) any chemicals,
materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of
"hazardous substances," "hazardous wastes," "hazardous materials," "extremely
hazardous wastes," "restricted hazardous wastes," "toxic substances," "toxic
pollutants," "hazardous air pollutants," "contaminants," "toxic chemicals,"
"toxics," "hazardous chemicals," "extremely hazardous substances,"
"pesticides," "oil" or related materials as defined in any applicable
Environmental Law, or (B) any petroleum or petroleum products, oil, natural
or synthetic gas, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, radon, and any other substance defined or
designated as hazardous, toxic or harmful to human health, safety or the
environment under any Environmental Law; and   (iv) "Release" has the
meaning specified in CERCLA.  2.19 NO BREACH. Except for (a) filings with
the Secretary of State of Delaware, (b) any required filing of a Notification
and Report Form under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, as
amended (the "HSR Act"), and (c) matters listed in SECTION 2.19 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby    32    will not (i) violate any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company, (ii)
violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any of the terms or
conditions of, result in modification of, or otherwise give any other
contracting party the right to terminate, accelerate obligations under or
receive payment under or constitute (or with notice or lapse of time or
both constitute) a default under, any instrument, contract or other agreement
to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or to which any of
them or any of their assets or properties is bound or subject, (iii) violate
any Law or Order of any Governmental Entity applicable to the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries or by which any of the Company\'s or the Company
Subsidiaries\' assets or properties is bound, (iv) violate any Permit, (v)
require any filing with, notice to, or permit, consent or approval of, any
Governmental Entity, (vi) result in the creation of any Lien or other
encumbrance on the assets or properties of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, or (vii) cause any of the assets owned by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to be reassessed or revalued by any taxing authority in
Oklahoma or New Jersey or other Governmental Entity, excluding from the
foregoing clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) violations, breaches
and defaults which, and filings, notices, permits, consents and approvals the
absence of which, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect or materially interfere with the ability of
the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set
forth in SECTION 2.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is not and will not be required to give any notice to or
obtain any consent or waiver from any individual or entity in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby in order to avoid a modification or
termination of, or a payment or default under, a contract or agreement with a
third party.  2.20 BOARD APPROVALS.   (a) The Board of Directors of the
Company, as of the date of this Agreement, has (i) adopted and declared the
advisability of this Agreement and (ii) determined to recommend that the
stockholders of the Company adopt this Agreement.   (b) The Company has
taken all action necessary such that no "fair price," "control share
acquisition," "business combination" or similar statute (including Section
203 of the DGCL) will apply to the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement.  2.21 FINANCIAL ADVISOR; NO FINDER\'S FEE. The Company previously
has provided Parent with a copy of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter\'s ("Morgan
Stanley") engagement letter. Other than Morgan Stanley, no broker, finder,
agent or similar intermediary has acted on behalf of the Company in
connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and,
other than the fee payable to Morgan Stanley, there are no brokerage
commissions, finders\' fees or similar fees or commissions payable in
connection herewith based on any agreement, arrangement or understanding with
the Company, or any action taken by the Company.  2.22 BANK ACCOUNTS AND
POWERS OF ATTORNEY. SECTION 2.22 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
identifies all bank accounts used in connection with the operations of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries whether or not such accounts are held in
the name of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, lists the respective
signatories therefor and lists the names of all    33    persons
holding a power of attorney from the Company or any Company Subsidiary and a
summary statement of the terms thereof. Except as disclosed in SECTION 2.22
of the Company Disclosure Schedule, Company has not granted powers
of attorney to any person or entity.  2.23 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.
Except as set forth in SECTION 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and
except for compensation and payment of reimbursable expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business to regular employees of the Company, no current
or former officer, director, or other affiliate of the Company, is now, or
has been since the date of formation of the Company (or any predecessor
thereof), (i) a party to any transaction or contract with the Company, (ii)
indebted to the Company, or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company the direct
or indirect owner of an interest in any person which is a present or
potential competitor, supplier or customer of the Company (other than non-
affiliated holdings of less than 2% of a class of securities of a
publicly traded company), nor, to the knowledge of the Company, does any such
person receive income from any source other than the Company which should
properly accrue to the Company. No stockholder, together with the
stockholder\'s affiliates, holds of record 50% of more of the outstanding
voting securities of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, has the
contractual power to designate 50% of more of the directors of the
Company.  2.24 INFORMATION PROVIDED.   (a) None of the information
supplied by the Company for inclusion in the information statement to be
provided to the Company stockholders in connection with the Merger (the
"Information Statement") will, as of the date of the Information Statement,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   (b) The
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement and
the Company Disclosure Schedule do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact, and, when taken together, do not omit to state any material
fact necessary to make such representations, warranties and statements, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.  
SECTION 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND  WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB  
Except as set forth on the disclosure schedule prepared and signed by Parent
delivered by Parent to the Company on the date hereof (the "Parent Disclosure
Schedule"), Parent and Merger Sub hereby make the following representations
and warranties to the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or the Parent Disclosure Schedule, each exception set forth in the
Parent Disclosure Schedule will be deemed to qualify each representation and
warranty set forth in this Agreement (i) that is specifically identified (by
cross-reference or otherwise) in the Parent Disclosure Schedule as being
qualified by such exception, or (ii) with respect to which the relevance of
such exception is reasonably apparent on the face of the disclosure of such
exception set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule.    34    3.1
ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION.   (a) Parent is a corporation validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and has corporate power and authority to own, lease and
operate its assets and to carry on its business as now being and as
heretofore conducted. Merger Sub is a corporation validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Parent is qualified or
otherwise authorized to transact business as a foreign corporation or other
organization in all jurisdictions in which such qualification
or authorization is required by law, except for jurisdictions in which the
failure to be so qualified or authorized could not reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). "Parent Material
Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the assets,
properties, business, results of operations or financial condition of Parent
and "Parent Subsidiaries" taken as a whole. As used in this Agreement,
"PARENT SUBSIDIARY" means Merger Sub and any other corporation, partnership
or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, (i) of which
Parent or any Parent Subsidiary is a general partner or (ii) of which at
least 50% of the securities or other interests having voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions
with respect to such corporation, partnership or other organization are
directly or indirectly owned or controlled by Parent or by any Parent
Subsidiary, or by Parent and one or more Parent Subsidiary.   (b) Merger
Sub has been formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and, prior to the Effective Time, will not
have engaged in any other business activities.   (c) Parent has previously
made available to the Company true and complete copies of its management and
accounting policies governing the relationship of Parent\'s divisions (the
"Divisional Policies"), charter and bylaws, each as presently in effect, and
neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary is in default in the performance,
observation or fulfillment of its organizational documents or, with respect
to Parent, the Divisional Policies, except for one or more defaults (i) by
Parent with respect to the Divisional Policies and/or (ii) by a Parent
Subsidiary with respect to its organizational documents that would not
reasonably be expected, individually or collectively, to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.  3.2 AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE AND PERFORM AGREEMENT.
Each of Parent and Merger Sub has the corporate power and authority to enter
into, execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform fully its obligations
hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger
Sub and constitutes their valid and binding obligation, enforceable against
each of them in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting the rights
and remedies of creditors generally and general principles of equity.  3.3
CAPITALIZATION. The authorized capital stock of Parent consists
of 690,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Parent Preferred Stock"). Of the Parent
common stock, as of the date of this Agreement,    35    500,000,000
shares have been designated Parent Common Stock, 100,000,000 shares have been
designated Genzyme Biosurgery Division Common Stock, $0.01 par value per
share ("GBX Common Stock"), and 40,000,000 shares have been
designated Molecular Oncology Division Common Stock, $0.01 par value per
share ("GMO Common Stock"), and 50,000,000 shares have been undesignated as
to series. As of June 30, 2001, 207,421,578 shares of Parent Common Stock
were issued and outstanding, 39,951,500 shares of GBX Common Stock were
issued and outstanding and 16,673,985 shares of GMO Common Stock were issued
and outstanding. As of the date of this Agreement, no shares of Parent
Preferred Stock are outstanding. Of the Parent Preferred Stock, as of the
date of this Agreement, 2,000,000, 1,000,000 and 400,000 shares have been
designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series B Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, and Series C Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, respectively, and reserved for issuance under the Parent Rights Plan.
Parent holds all the outstanding shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of Merger Sub.  3.4 SEC REPORTS. Parent previously has made available
to the Company (i) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2000 ("Parent 10-K"), (ii) all proxy statements relating to Parent\'s
meetings of stockholders held after December 31, 2000, and (iii) all other
documents filed by Parent with the SEC under the Exchange Act since January
1, 2001 (together with the documents filed by Parent with the SEC under the
Exchange Act prior to the Effective Time, the "Parent SEC Reports"). As of
their respective dates, each of the Parent SEC Reports complied, or in the
case of those filed between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time
will comply, in all material respects with applicable SEC requirements and
did not, and in the case of those filed between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Since March 31, 2000, Parent has timely
filed and between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Parent
will file with the SEC, all periodic reports required to be filed by it under
the Exchange Act.  3.5 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The consolidated financial
statements contained in the Parent 10-K and Parent\'s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2001 have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, except as otherwise
indicated therein, and fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the periods presented
therein, except as otherwise indicated therein and subject, in the case of
the unaudited financial statements, to normal year-end and audit adjustments,
which in the aggregate are not material, and the absence of footnote
disclosures.  3.6 ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES. As of December 31,
2000, Parent had no material liabilities of any nature, whether accrued,
absolute, contingent, or otherwise (including, without limitation,
liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with respect to obligations of others
or liabilities for taxes due or then accrued or to become due), required to
be reflected or disclosed in the Parent balance sheet included in the Parent
10-K (or the notes thereto), that were not adequately reflected or reserved
against on such balance sheet. Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports,
Parent has no such liabilities, other than liabilities (i) adequately
reflected or reserved against on such balance sheet, (ii) included in SECTION
3.6 of the Parent Disclosure    36    Schedule, (iii) reflected in
Parent\'s unaudited consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto) dated
March 31, 2001, (iv) incurred since March 31, 2001 in the ordinary course of
business, or (v) that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  3.7 ABSENCE OF ADVERSE CHANGES.
Since March 31, 2001, except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, there
has not been any event, change or circumstance which has had a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.  3.8 NO BREACH. Except for (a) filings under the
Securities Act, (b) filings under the Exchange Act, (c) filings with the
Secretary of State of Delaware, and (d) any required filing of a Notification
and Report form under the HSR Act, the delivery and performance of this
Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and consummation by each of them of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) violate any provision of the
charter or by-laws of Parent or Merger Sub, (ii) violate, conflict with or
result in the breach of any of the terms or conditions of, result in
modification of, or otherwise give any other contracting party the right to
terminate, accelerate obligations under or receive payment under or
constitute (or with notice or lapse of time or both constitute) a material
default under, any material instrument, contract or other agreement to which
Parent, Merger Sub or any Parent Subsidiary is a party or to which any of
them or any of their assets or properties is bound or subject, (iii) violate
any Law or Order of any Governmental Entity applicable to Parent, Merger Sub
or any Parent Subsidiary or by which any of their assets or properties is
bound, (iv) require any filing with, notice to, or permit, consent or
approval of, any Governmental Entity, or (v) result in the creation of
any Lien or other encumbrance on the assets of properties of Parent, Merger
Sub or any Parent Subsidiary excluding from the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii)
(iv) and (v) violations which, and filings, notices, permits, consents and
approvals the absence of which, in the aggregate, will not have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect or materially interfere with Parent\'s ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as disclosed in
SECTION 3.8 of Parent\'s Disclosure Schedule, neither Parent nor any Parent
Subsidiary is or will be required to give any notice to or obtain any consent
or waiver from any individual or entity in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby in order to avoid a modification or termination of, or a
payment or default under, a contract or agreement with a third party, other
than consents or waivers which, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  3.9
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Parent owns, or is licensed to use, or otherwise
has the legal right to use, all patents, trademarks, servicemarks,
tradenames, trade secrets, franchises and copyrights, and all applications
for any of the foregoing necessary for the conduct of its business except (a)
to the extent failure to have such ownership or licenses is not reasonably
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or (b) as disclosed in the
Parent SEC Reports.  3.10 INFORMATION PROVIDED. None of the information
supplied by Parent for inclusion, or incorporation by reference, in the
Information Statement will, as of the date of the Information Statement,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.    37    3.11 INTERIM
OPERATIONS OF MERGER SUB. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has engaged in
no other business activities and has conducted its operations only
as contemplated by this Agreement.  3.12 ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS. Except as
set forth in the Parent SEC Reports, there are no outstanding Orders of any
Governmental Entity against Parent, any Parent Subsidiary, or any of their
assets or properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Reports, there
are no actions, suits or claims or legal, administrative or arbitration
proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened against
Parent, any Parent Subsidiary or any of their securities, assets or
properties that could reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect or materially interfere with Parent\'s ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. To the knowledge of Parent, except as
disclosed in the Parent SEC Reports, there is no fact, event or circumstances
now in existence that reasonably could be expected to give rise to any
action, suit, claim, proceeding or investigation that, individually or in the
aggregate, could be reasonably expected to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect or materially interfere with Parent\'s ability to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 4 - COVENANTS AND
AGREEMENTS  4.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. Except with the prior written consent
of Parent and except as otherwise contemplated herein or referred to in
SECTION 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, during the period from the
date hereof to the Closing Date, the Company shall observe the following
covenants:   (a) AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS PENDING CLOSING. The Company
shall:   (i) PRESERVATION OF PERSONNEL. Use reasonable commercial
efforts consistent with past practice to preserve intact and keep available
the services of present employees of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries;   (ii) INSURANCE. Use reasonable commercial efforts to keep in
effect casualty, public liability, worker\'s compensation and other insurance
policies in coverage amounts not less than those in effect at the date of
this Agreement;   (iii) PRESERVATION OF THE BUSINESS; MAINTENANCE OF
PROPERTIES, CONTRACTS. Use reasonable commercial efforts to (a) preserve the
business of the Company in accordance with past practices over the last
twelve months, (b) keep the Company\'s properties intact, (c) preserve its
goodwill and business, (d) maintain all physical properties in such operating
condition as will permit the conduct of the Company\'s business on a basis
consistent with past practice, and (e) perform and comply in all material
respects with the terms of the contracts referred to in SECTION 2.10.  
(iv) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Use reasonable best efforts to preserve
and protect the Proprietary Rights;    38     (v) ORDINARY COURSE OF
BUSINESS. Operate the Company\'s business solely in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice;   (vi) COMPANY OPTIONS, WARRANTS, CONVERTIBLE
DEBENTURES AND PREFERRED STOCK. Use commercially reasonable efforts with
respect to Company Options, Company Warrants, the Convertible Debentures and
the Company Preferred Stock to effectuate the terms of this Agreement,
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent shall have the right to approve any agreements
to modify terms of the underlying instruments in advance; and   (vii) FDA
MATTERS. Notify and consult with Parent immediately (A) after receipt of any
material communication from the FDA and before giving any material submission
to the FDA and (B) prior to making any material change to a study protocol
commencing new trials or making a material change to the development timeline
for any of its product candidates or programs.   (b) NEGATIVE COVENANTS
PENDING CLOSING. The Company shall not:   (i) DISPOSITION OF ASSETS. Sell or
transfer, or mortgage, pledge, lease or otherwise encumber any of its assets,
including its Proprietary Rights, other than sales or transfers in the
ordinary course of business and in amounts not exceeding, in the aggregate,
$50,000;   (ii) LIABILITIES. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money
(other than pursuant to existing lines of credit or lease lines or
payroll obligations), or enter into any contracts or commitments involving
potential payments to or by the Company or any Company Subsidiary in any
single instance of $100,000 or more or in the aggregate of $250,000 or more,
except as set forth on SECTION 4.1(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule;   (iii) COMPENSATION. Increase the compensation payable to
any officer, director, employee, agent or consultant other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; or enter into any
employment, severance or other agreement with any officer, director,
employee, agent or consultant of the Company or a Company Subsidiary, except
employment or consulting agreements entered into in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practices; or adopt, or increase the benefits
under, any employee benefit plan, except, in each case, as required by law,
in accordance with existing agreements or in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;   (iv) CAPITAL STOCK. Except as set forth
on SCHEDULE 4.1(b), grant or accelerate the exercisability of, any option,
warrant or other right to purchase, or declare or pay any dividend or other
distribution with respect to any shares of its capital stock, or redeem or
otherwise repurchase any shares of its capital stock, except for any
redemption or repurchase of shares of the Company\'s capital stock at cost
from employees or consultants of the Company upon the termination of such
employees or consultants;   (v) CHARTER AND BY-LAWS. Cause, permit or
propose any amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the
Company except as contemplated hereby;    39     (vi) ACQUISITIONS.
Make, or permit to be made, any material acquisition of property or assets
outside the ordinary course of business;   (vii) CAPITAL EXPENDITURES.
Authorize any single capital expenditure in excess of $100,000 or capital
expenditures which in the aggregate exceed $250,000;   (viii) ACCOUNTING
POLICIES. Except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
GAAP, change any of the accounting practices or principles used by it or
restate any of the Audited Financial Statements of the Company;   (ix)
TAXES. Without Parent\'s written consent, make any Tax election or settle or
compromise any material federal, state, local or foreign Tax liability (other
than settlements or compromises not involving any payments of Taxes), change
its annual tax accounting period, change any method of Tax accounting, enter
into any closing agreement relating to any Tax, surrender any right to claim
a Tax refund, or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitations period
applicable to any Tax claim or assessment;   (x) LEGAL. Settle or compromise
any pending or threatened suit, action or claim which relates to the
transactions contemplated hereby;   (xi) EXTRAORDINARY TRANSACTIONS. Adopt a
plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation,
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries (other than the Merger);   (xii) PAYMENT OF
INDEBTEDNESS. Pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or
obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction, in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, of liabilities
reflected or reserved against in the Company Balance Sheet or incurred in the
ordinary course of business and other than as contemplated by SECTION 1.7(c)
of this Agreement;   (xiii) NEW AGREEMENTS/AMENDMENTS. Enter into or modify,
or permit a Company Subsidiary to enter into or modify, any material supply,
license, development, research or collaboration agreement with any other
person or entity;   (xiv) CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS. Modify, amend or
terminate, or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims with
respect to any confidentiality agreement to which the Company is a party;
or   (xv) OBLIGATIONS. Obligate itself to do any of the foregoing.   (c)
CONTROL OF THE COMPANY\'S BUSINESS. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the
Company\'s operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its operations.   
40    4.2 CORPORATE EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS. Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall be entitled, through its employees and
representatives, to have such access to the assets, properties, business and
operations of the Company, as is reasonably necessary or appropriate in
connection with Parent\'s investigation of the Company with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby. Any such investigation and examination
shall be conducted at reasonable times and under reasonable circumstances so
as to minimize any disruption to or impairment of the Company\'s business and
the Company shall cooperate fully therein. No investigation by Parent shall
diminish or obviate any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
agreements of the Company contained in this Agreement. In order that Parent
may have full opportunity to make such investigation, the Company shall
furnish the representatives of Parent during such period with all such
information and copies of such documents concerning the affairs of the
Company as such representatives may reasonably request and cause its
officers, employees, consultants, agents, accountants and attorneys
to cooperate fully with such representatives in connection with such
investigation. Parent shall hold all such information in accordance with the
provisions of the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement dated February 28, 2001
between Parent and the Company (the "Confidentiality Agreement").  4.3 TAX
TREATMENT. None of the parties shall take, or cause or permit any of
its subsidiaries to take, any action that would prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that it shall not constitute a breach of the
covenant in this Section 4.3 for, and nothing in this Section 4.3 shall limit
the ability of, Parent to take any action following the Closing Date to the
extent that action would require a change in the Contingent Merger
Consideration to include property other than Parent Common Stock pursuant to
Section 1 of this Agreement.  4.4 EXPENSES. Except as otherwise provided
herein, the Company and Parent shall bear their respective expenses incurred
in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including without
limitation, all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, counsel and
accountants.  4.5 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each of the parties shall execute such
documents, further instruments of transfer and assignment and other papers
and take such further actions as may be reasonably required or desirable to
carry out the provisions hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including delivering customary representation letters contemplated by
SECTIONS 6.4 and 7.2. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company agrees to duly execute and deliver, and to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause any individual or entity listed as a co-owner of,
or who otherwise has any power of attorney or other rights with respect to,
any of the Proprietary Rights of the Company, to duly execute and deliver
such further instruments and do and cause to be done such further actions and
things, including, without limitation, the execution of such additional
assignments, agreements, documents and instruments, that Parent may at any
time and from time to time reasonably request to more effectively transfer
ownership, control and/or administration of such Proprietary Rights to the
Surviving Corporation. The Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the consents identified in SECTION 2.19 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. Each party shall use its respective reasonable
commercial efforts to take other such actions to ensure that, to the extent
within its control or capable of influence by it, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement    41    shall be fully carried out in a
timely fashion. Nothing in this Agreement shall require Parent or Merger Sub
to sell, hold separate, license or otherwise dispose of or conduct their
business in a specified manner, or agree to sell, hold separate, license or
otherwise dispose of or conduct their business in a specified manner, or
permit the sale, holding separate, licensing or other disposition of, any
assets of Parent or Merger Sub that are material, whether as a condition to
obtaining any approval from a Governmental Entity or any other person or for
any other reason. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Company, in its
exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, to incur any material liability
or obligation to pay any consideration to any third party (other than its
attorneys, accountants and financial advisors), unless such payment is only
required if the Merger is consummated or Parent agrees to indemnify the
Company for such payments.  4.6 STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Company will, as
soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, (i) duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of the Company stockholders
(the "Company Stockholder Meeting") or solicit a written consent of the
Company stockholders in accordance with applicable law and the Company\'s
Certificate of Incorporation and its By-Laws for the purpose of considering
the approval and adoption of this Agreement (the "Written Consent"); (ii)
include in the notice of the Company Stockholder Meeting or Written Consent
sent to the Company stockholders the unqualified recommendation of the Board
of Directors that the Company stockholders adopt this Agreement; and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts (A) to cause the notice of the Company
Stockholders Meeting or Written Consent to be mailed to the Company
stockholders at the earliest practicable time after the execution of this
Agreement and (B) to obtain the necessary approvals of the
Company stockholders of this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby.  4.7 INFORMATION STATEMENT. In connection with the
Company Stockholder Meeting and/or Written Consent, as soon as practicable
after the date of this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall prepare and
the Company shall mail the Information Statement to the Company\'s
stockholders. Each of Parent and the Company shall furnish to the other all
information concerning them that the other may reasonably request in
connection with such Information Statement. If any event relating to the
Company or Parent occurs, or if the Company or Parent becomes aware of any
information, in either case that should be disclosed in an amendment or
supplement to the Information Statement, then Parent and the Company shall
promptly prepare such amendment or supplement and the Company shall promptly
distribute the same to the Company stockholders. The Company shall assist
Parent in obtaining such information as Parent reasonably requires to allow
Parent to determine the number and nature of the Company stockholders in
their capacity as purchasers (as such term is used under Rule 506
of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act ("Regulation D")).
In connection with the distribution of the Information Statement to the
Company stockholders, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause each Company stockholder previously identified as an
unaccredited investor to complete and return an accredited investor
questionnaire substantially the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT B (the
"Accredited Investor Questionnaire"). To the extent that Parent reasonably
determines that a Company stockholder is not an "accredited investor" (as
defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and does not meet the financial
knowledge and experience requirements of Rule 506 of Regulation D, the
Company agrees that it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
all such Company stockholders to use a "purchaser representative" (as defined
in Rule 501(h) of Regulation D) to assist such Company stockholders   
42    in evaluating the Information Statement and the investment decisions
represented by this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated
hereby.  4.8 REGISTRATION ON FORM S-3.   (a) REGISTRATION OF INITIAL
MERGER CONSIDERATION. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below,
Parent will, as soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, file
with the SEC a Registration Statement (the "Initial Registration Statement")
under the Securities Act covering the resale of the shares of Parent Common
Stock to be issued at the Effective Time pursuant this Agreement (the
"Initial Registrable Shares"), and will use its reasonable efforts to cause
such Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as
practicable thereafter (but in any event prior to the Closing) and to keep
the Registration Statement covering the Initial Registrable
Shares continuously effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which all
Initial Registrable Shares covered by such Registration Statement have been
sold and (ii) the second anniversary of the Effective Time.   (b)
REGISTRATION OF CONTINGENT MERGER CONSIDERATION. Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth below, Parent will, as soon as practicable (but in any
event within 30 days) after an applicable Milestone Date, file with the SEC a
Registration Statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of
any shares of Parent Common Stock included in any Contingent Merger
Consideration payable on such Milestone Date pursuant to SECTION 1.6(b) that
are not then eligible for resale by non-affiliates of Parent pursuant to Rule
144(k) or a successor rule (the "Contingent Registrable Shares" and together
with the Initial Registrable Shares, the "Registrable Shares"), and will use
its reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared
effective by the SEC as soon as practicable thereafter and to keep the
Registration Statement covering the Contingent Registrable Shares
continuously effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the
Contingent Registrable Shares covered by such Registration Statement have
been sold and (ii) the second anniversary of the applicable Milestone
Date.   (c) In connection with the foregoing:   (i) Upon the written
request of any former Company stockholder, Parent shall promptly prepare and
file with the SEC any Prospectus supplement covering the resale of any
Initial Registrable Shares that were not included in the Initial Registration
Statement, PROVIDED THAT, (i) Parent shall not be obligated to file more than
four such Prospectus supplements in any 12 month period and (ii) the
requesting stockholder shall have provided Parent with the information
regarding such stockholder required under SECTION 4.8(g).   (ii) Parent
shall promptly, subject to SECTION 4.8(d), prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments to a Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such
Registration Statement effective for as long as such registration is required
to remain effective hereunder; and shall cause a Prospectus to be
supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement, and, as so supplemented,
to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act.    43    
(iii) Parent shall promptly furnish to each Company stockholder two copies of
a Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, each in a form that
can be copied by the Company stockholder.   (iv) Parent shall promptly give
notice to the selling stockholders (1) when a Prospectus or Prospectus
supplement or amendment has been filed and, with respect to a Registration
Statement or a post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective,
(2) of any request by the SEC for amendments and supplements to a
Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information after a
Registration Statement has become effective, (3) of the issuance by the SEC
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement,
and (4) of the happening of any event that makes any statement made in a
Registration Statement or related Prospectus untrue or that requires the
making of any changes in a Registration Statement or Prospectus so that they
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.   (d) SUSPENSION PERIOD.   (i) Unless notified
pursuant to SECTION 4.8(d)(ii) below, upon receipt of a notice under clauses
(2) through (4) of SECTION 4.8(c)(iv), the Company stockholders shall
forthwith discontinue disposition of the Registrable Shares pursuant to a
Registration Statement until the stockholders\' receipt of copies of the
applicable supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by SECTION
4.8(c)(iii) or until the Company stockholders are advised in writing
by Parent that the use of a Prospectus may be resumed, and, if so directed
by Parent, the Company stockholders shall deliver to Parent all copies, other
than one permanent file copy, of a Prospectus at the time of receipt of such
notice. Parent shall use reasonable commercial efforts to take such actions,
as soon as practicable (but in any event within 60 days) after the delivery
of a notice under clause (2) through (4) of SECTION 4.8(c)(iv), as are
necessary to appropriately revise or supplement a Prospectus or to cause the
SEC to lift the stop order.   (ii) In addition, if Parent shall furnish to
the former Company stockholders a certificate signed by the President or
Chief Executive Officer of Parent stating that the Board of Directors of
Parent has made the good faith determination (i) that continued use by the
selling stockholders of the Registration Statement for purposes of effecting
offers or sales of Registrable Shares pursuant thereto would require, under
the Securities Act, premature disclosure in the Registration Statement (or
the prospectus relating thereto) of material, nonpublic information
concerning Parent, its business or prospects or any proposed material
transaction involving Parent and (ii) that such premature disclosure would be
materially adverse to Parent, its business or prospects or any such proposed
material transaction or would make the successful consummation by Parent of
any such material transaction significantly less likely, the Company
stockholders shall not use the Registration Statement to sell any shares of
Parent Common Stock covered by the Registration Statement until notified
by Parent that the reason for the suspension no longer exists; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that in no event will the suspension period contemplated by this
sentence exceed 90 days in the aggregate during any 12-month period during
which Parent is otherwise obligated to keep such Registration Statement
effective. As a    44    condition to having shares included in a
Registration Statement and listed in a Prospectus, Company stockholders shall
be required to agree to the restrictions provided in this SECTION 4.8(d), the
indemnification provisions provided hereunder, to provide the information
required by SECTION 4.8(g) hereof, and to keep confidential the receipt of
any notice under SECTION 4.8(c)(iv) and the contents of any such notice.  
(e) REGISTRATION EXPENSES. Parent shall bear all expenses incurred
in connection with the registration of the Registrable Shares pursuant to
this SECTION 4.8, including without limitation all printing, legal and
accounting expenses incurred by Parent and all registration and filing fees
imposed by the SEC or The Nasdaq National Market or, if the Parent Common
Stock is not then listed on such market, the principal securities exchange or
system on which Parent Common Stock is then traded or quoted. The Company
stockholders shall be responsible for any brokerage commissions and taxes of
any kind (including, without limitation, transfer taxes) with respect to any
disposition, sale or transfer of the Registrable Shares and for any legal,
accounting and other expenses incurred by the Company stockholders in
connection with any such disposition.   (f) INDEMNIFICATION.   (i)
INDEMNIFICATION BY PARENT. To the extent permitted by law, Parent shall
indemnify and hold harmless each of the Company stockholders,
their respective directors, officers and employees, brokers and underwriters
(as defined in the Securities Act), and each person who controls such
Company stockholder within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, or is under common control with, or
is controlled by, such Company stockholder, together with the partners,
brokers, underwriters (as defined in the Securities Act), officers,
directors, trustees, stockholders and employees of such controlling person
(collectively, the "CONTROLLING PERSONS"), from and against all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable expenses, including without
limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses (collectively, the "Damages"),
incurred by such Company stockholder and any such Controlling Person (and
their respective partners, officers, directors, trustees, stockholders and
employees, brokers and underwriters (as defined in the Securities Act), as
applicable) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement of material
fact contained in a Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or any
omission to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein in light of the circumstances under which they were made not
misleading, or any untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if Parent shall have furnished any
amendments or supplements thereto), or any omission to state therein a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein in light of the
circumstances under which they were made not misleading, except insofar as
such Damages arise out of or are based upon any such untrue statement or
omission based upon written information relating to the Company stockholders
furnished to Parent by or on behalf of such Company stockholders for use
therein; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent shall not be liable to the Company
stockholders under this SECTION 4.8(f) to the extent that any such Damages
were caused by the fact that such Company stockholders (A) sold
the Registrable Shares to a person as to whom it was not sent or given, at or
prior to the written confirmation of such sale, a copy of such Prospectus as
then amended or supplemented, if Parent has previously furnished copies
thereof to the Company stockholders and a Prospectus, as then amended and
supplemented, has    45    corrected any such misstatement or omission
or (B) sold the Registrable Shares during a suspension period under SECTION
4.8(d). Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of
any investigation made by or on behalf of Parent or any Controlling Persons
and shall survive the transfer of Registrable Shares by the Company
stockholders.   (ii) INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS. To the
extent permitted by law, each Company stockholder shall severally indemnify
and hold harmless Parent, its directors, officers and employees, and each
person, if any, who controls Parent within the meaning of either Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as
the foregoing indemnity from Parent to the Company stockholders, but only
with reference to written information relating to such Company stockholder
furnished to Parent by such Company stockholder for use in a Registration
Statement (or any amendment thereto) or any Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall the foregoing
indemnification obligations of such Company stockholder exceed the aggregate
proceeds received by such Company stockholder in the offering of Registrable
Shares covered by a Registration Statement to which the claim for such
indemnification relates.   (iii) PROCEDURE. Each party entitled to
indemnification under this SECTION 4.8(f) (the "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") shall
give prompt written notice of any claim as to which indemnification may be
sought to the party required to provide indemnification (the "INDEMNIFYING
PARTY"), PROVIDED THAT, failure to give such notice shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder except to the extent of
actual prejudice. The Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume the
defense of any such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
Indemnified Party. No Indemnifying Party shall, except with the consent of
the Indemnified Party, agree to any settlement that does not include a
release of the Indemnified Party from all liability in respect of such claim,
and the Indemnified Party shall not settle such claim or admit liability in
respect of such claim without the prior written consent of the
Indemnifying Party.   (iv) CONTRIBUTION. If the indemnification provided
for in this SECTION 4.8(f) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
unavailable or insufficient to an Indemnified Party with respect to any
Damages referred to herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of
indemnifying such Indemnified Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Damages in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the
Indemnifying Party on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party on the other
in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such Damages
as well as any other relevant equitable consideration; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that in no event shall the foregoing contribution obligation of any Company
stockholder exceed the aggregate proceeds received by such Company
stockholder in the offering of Registrable Shares covered by a Registration
Statement to which the claim for such contribution relates. The relevant
fault of the Indemnifying Party shall be determined by reference to, among
other things, whether the untrue statement of a material fact or the omission
to state a material fact related to information supplied by the Indemnifying
Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties\' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission.    46     (g) INFORMATION BY THE COMPANY
STOCKHOLDERS. The Company stockholders shall furnish to Parent such
information regarding such stockholders and the distribution proposed by the
Company stockholders as Parent may request in writing and as shall be
required in connection with any registration, qualification or compliance
referred to in this Agreement, including the Selling Stockholder Notice and
Questionnaire attached as EXHIBIT C and shall agree to notify Parent promptly
following sales pursuant to a Registration Statement.   (h) CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. As used in this SECTION 4.8, the following terms have the
following meanings:   (i) A "PROSPECTUS" means the prospectus included in
any Registration Statement or any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424 with
respect to any such Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented by any
prospectus supplement, and by all other amendments and supplements to such
prospectus, including post-effective amendments to any such Registration
Statement, and in each case including all material incorporated by reference
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such prospectus.   (ii) A
"REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means any registration statement of Parent that
covers any of the Registrable Shares pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement and all amendments and supplements to any such
registration statement, including post-effective amendments, in each case
including any Prospectus, all exhibits, and all material incorporated by
reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration
statement.   (i) TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, the registration rights set forth herein
shall be transferable to (i) any transferees of the Company stockholders who
receive any Registrable Shares by gift, partnership distribution or other
transfer that does not constitute a sale (as such term is defined in Section
2(3) of the Securities Act) and (ii) any transferee (A) who received such
Registrable Shares at a time when the Registration Statement was not
available to cover such transfer and (B) in whose hands the Registrable
Shares continue to be "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144
under the Securities Act.   (j) TERMINATION OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the registration
rights set forth herein shall terminate with respect to each stockholder when
such stockholder is able to sell all of his, her or its Registrable Shares
under Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act (or any successor rule
thereto).   (k) RULE 144. Parent shall comply with the requirements of Rule
144(c) under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time (or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC),
regarding the availability of current public information to the extent
required to enable each recipient of Merger Consideration to sell such Merger
Consideration without registration under the Securities Act pursuant to the
resale provisions of Rule 144 (or any similar rule or regulation). Upon
request, Parent will deliver to such recipient a written statement as to
whether it has complied with such requirements and, upon such recipient\'s
compliance with the applicable provisions of Rule 144, will take such action
as may be required (including, without limitation, causing legal counsel to
issue an appropriate opinion)    47    to cause its transfer agent to
effectuate any transfer of Merger Consideration properly requested by such
recipient, in accordance with the terms and conditions of Rule 144. The
obligations under this SECTION 4.8(k) shall terminate on the two year
anniversary of the Effective Time of the Merger.  4.9 PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.
The Company and Parent shall, and shall cause each of its respective
directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates to, consult with the
other to get the other\'s approval, before issuing any press release or
otherwise making any public statement with respect to the Merger or this
Agreement and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public
statement prior to such consultation and approval, except as may be required
by applicable Law.  4.10 NASDAQ LISTINGS. Prior to the Closing Date and each
Milestone Date, Parent shall, if necessary, file with Nasdaq a Notification
for Listing of Additional Shares covering the shares of Parent Common Stock
to be issued as Initial Merger Consideration and Contingent Merger
Consideration in the Merger, including the shares of Parent Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants and upon
conversion of the Convertible Debentures.  4.11 NO SOLICITATION. The Company
shall not, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary and each director,
officer, employee, agent or other representative (including each financial
advisor and attorney) of the Company and each Company Subsidiary not to, (a)
solicit, initiate, facilitate, assist or encourage action by, or discussions
with, any person, other than Parent, relating to the possible acquisition of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or of all or a material portion of the
assets or capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any
merger, reorganization, consolidation, business combination, share exchange,
tender offer, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or
similar transaction involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary (an
"Alternative Transaction"), (b) participate in any negotiations regarding, or
furnish information with respect to, any effort or attempt by any person to
do or to seek any Alternative Transaction or (c) grant any waiver or release
under any standstill or similar agreement. The Company shall notify Parent
promptly (and, in any case, within one business day) of any inquiries,
proposals or offers received by, any information requested from, or any
discussions or negotiations sought to be initiated or continued with, the
Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their directors, officers,
employees, agents or other representatives concerning an Alternative
Transaction indicating, in connection with such notice, the names of the
parties and the material terms and conditions of any proposal or offer and,
in the case of written materials, providing copies of such materials. The
Company agrees that it will keep Parent informed, on a prompt basis (and, in
any case, within one day of any significant development), of the status and
terms of any such proposals or offers and the status of any such discussions
or negotiations. The Company agrees that it will immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with
respect to any potential Alternative Transaction or similar transaction or
arrangement. The Company agrees that it will take the necessary steps to
promptly inform the individuals or entities referred to in the first sentence
of this SECTION 4.11 of the obligations undertaken in this
SECTION 4.11.    48    4.12 REGULATORY FILINGS. As soon as is
reasonably practicable, and only to the extent required, the Company and
Parent each shall file with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the
"FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice
("DOJ") any Notification and Report Forms relating to the Merger required by
the HSR Act, as well as comparable pre-merger notification forms required by
the merger notification and control laws and regulations of any other
applicable jurisdiction, as agreed to by the parties. The Company and Parent
each shall promptly (a) supply the other with any information which may be
required in order to make such filings and (b) supply any additional
information which may be requested by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or
merger control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which the parties
reasonably deem appropriate.  4.13 COMPANY 401(k) PLAN. Except with the
prior written consent of Parent, during the period from the date hereof to
the Effective Time, the Company shall not (i) make any discretionary
contribution to the Company 401(k) plan (the "Company 401(k) Plan") or (ii)
make any required contribution to the Company 401(k) Plan in Company Common
Stock. The Company shall terminate the Company 401(k) Plan as of the day
immediately preceding the Closing Date. Employees may, as soon as practicable
following Parent\'s receipt of a favorable IRS determination letter on
termination of the Company 401(k) Plan, elect a direct rollover of their
Company 401(k) Plan benefits, including any Company 401(k) Plan loan
outstanding as of the Closing Date, to Parent\'s 401(k) plan, provided any
such loan has not been accelerated at the time of rollover. As soon
as practicable following Parent\'s receipt of a favorable IRS determination
letter on termination of the Company 401(k) Plan, Parent\'s 401(k) plan shall
accept the direct rollover of electing employee\'s benefits under the Company
401(k) Plan in cash and, if applicable, promissory notes that are not
accelerated from Company\'s 401(k) Plan as provided under Section 401(a)(31)
of the Code.  4.14 TERMINATION OF SEVERANCE AND SALARY CONTINUATION PLANS.
The Company agrees to terminate, to the extent applicable, any and all group
severance, separation or salary continuation plans, programs or arrangements
that may be covered under ERISA immediately prior to the Closing.  4.15
NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS. Between the date hereof and the
Closing Date, the Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent and
Merger Sub shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (a) the occurrence or
non-occurrence of any event or circumstance the occurrence or non-occurrence
of which would be likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in
this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate if made at such time and (b) any
failure of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub, as the case may be, to comply
with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by it hereunder. The Company shall not be liable for breach of this
SECTION 4.15 unless such breach could reasonably be expected to result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect and neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall be
liable for breach of this SECTION 4.15 unless such breach could reasonably be
expected to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect.  4.16 DELIVERY OF
SEC COMPLIANT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Promptly after the date of this
Agreement, the Company shall deliver to Parent true and complete copies
of its financial statements for the last two fiscal years and the six months
ended June 30, 2001 in compliance as    49    to form with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto. In addition, within 45 days of the end of each calendar
quarter ending after the date of the last balance sheet provided pursuant to
the preceding sentence, the Company will deliver to Parent true and complete
copies of the financial statements for such periods in compliance with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto.  4.17 EMPLOYEE MATTERS.   (a) Parent shall
give individuals who are employed by the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time and remain as employees of the Surviving Corporation or Parent
("Continuing Employees") full credit for purposes of eligibility, vesting,
benefit accrual (except for purposes of benefit accrual under any defined
benefit pension plans and except as would result in duplication of benefits)
and determination of the level of benefits under any employee benefit plans
or arrangements maintained by Parent for such Continuing Employees\' service
with the Company to the same extent recognized by the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time.   (b) Parent shall waive all limitations as to
preexisting conditions exclusions and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Continuing
Employees under any medical or dental benefit plans that such employees may
be eligible to participate in after the Effective Time, other than
limitations or waiting periods that are already in effect with respect to
such employees and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective Time
under any plan maintained for the Continuing Employees immediately prior to
the Effective Time. In addition, all deductibles and co-payments under
Parent\'s benefit plans shall be satisfied by the Continuing Employee\'s
payments under the Company\'s benefit plans during the same plan year.   (c)
As of the Effective Time, Parent shall assume and honor in accordance with
their terms all employment, severance, and other compensation agreements and
arrangements existing prior to the execution of this Agreement which are
between Company and any director, officer, or employee thereof, each as
described in SECTION 2.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, except
as otherwise expressly agreed between Parent and such person.  4.18
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS\' INSURANCE.   (a) Parent understands and agrees
that, prior to the Effective Time, the Company intends to obtain a six-year
"tail" insurance policy that provides coverages substantially similar to the
coverage provided under the Company\'s directors and officers insurance
policy in effect on the date of this Agreement for the individuals who are
directors and officers of the Company on the date of this Agreement for
events occurring prior to the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, without
Parent\'s prior written consent, the Company shall not pay more than $100,000
to purchase such policy.   (b) From and after the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects
the obligations, to the extent legally permissible,    50    of the
Company to its directors and officers (the "Indemnified Directors
and Officers") pursuant to the indemnification provisions under the
Company\'s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws as in effect on the date
hereof.   (c) In the event the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges with any other person
and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers substantially all of its assets to
any person in a single transaction or a series of transactions, then, and in
each such case, Parent shall make or cause to be made proper provision so
that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation assume the
indemnification obligations described herein for the benefit of the
Indemnified Directors and Officers.  4.19 PARTICIPATION IN CERTAIN ACTIONS
AND PROCEEDINGS. Until this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
SECTION 8.1, Parent shall have the right to participate in the defense of any
action, suit or proceeding instituted against the Company (or any of its
directors or officers) before any Governmental Entity, to restrain, modify or
prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
or to seek damages or a discovery order in connection with such transactions,
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, Parent\'s right to participate in such actions shall not
include the right to control the Company\'s defense of, or legal strategy in,
any such action.  4.20 CONVERSION OF COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK; TERMINATION OF
AGREEMENTS. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to
effect an amendment of the Certificate of Designation prior to the Closing
Date to cause the automatic conversion of all of the outstanding shares of
Company Preferred Stock at the Effective Time. In connection with such
conversion, prior to the Closing, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to enter into agreement(s), reasonably satisfactory in
form and content to Parent (and conditioned and effective upon the Closing),
terminating all existing agreements relating to Company preferred
stockholders\' rights, including but not limited to (i) that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of September 13, 2000, among
the Company and the purchasers named therein, (ii) the Series B Purchase
Agreement (except the provisions relating to the Company Preferred Stock
Purchase Rights), (iii) that certain Registration Rights Agreement dated as
of September 13, 2000, by and among the Company and certain of its Series A
Preferred Stockholders, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of
April 17, 2001, (iv) that certain Amended and Restated Rights Agreement dated
as of February 26, 2001 between the Company and Neose Technologies, Inc.; and
(v) that certain Amended and Restated Stockholders\' Agreement dated April
17, 2001, by and among the Company and the Company\'s stockholders who are
parties thereto.  4.21 COMPANY OPTIONS.   (a) The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to suspend, effective as of a date at least
three business days prior to the Closing Date, the exercise of any Company
Options. To the extent that any Company Options are exercised after the date
of this Agreement, the Company shall update SCHEDULE I to reflect such
exercises. The Company shall    51    deliver to Parent three business
days before the Closing Date a revised version of SCHEDULE I updated in
accordance with the foregoing.   (b) Within one business day after the
Effective Time, Parent shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or
any successor or appropriate form), with respect to the shares of Parent
Common Stock subject to Assumed Options to the extent the shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Assumed Options qualify for
registration on Form S-8.  4.22 MANAGEMENT OF POMPE PROGRAMS.   (a)
Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall transfer the management
responsibility for all of Parent\'s (and its subsidiaries\' and affiliates\')
development programs for enzyme replacement therapies for the treatment of
patients with Pompe disease (including management of budgets and resources
for such programs) to John F. Crowley, in his capacity as an employee of
Parent (as long as he is an employee of Parent), in a manner consistent
with Parent\'s obligations to third parties and SECTION 4.23(b) below;
provided Mr. Crowley is the President of the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   (b) In addition, in the event that Parent or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliates is or becomes a party to any collaboration,
strategic alliance, joint venture, license or other agreement with a third
party for any development program for enzyme replacement therapies for the
treatment of patients with Pompe disease (each, a "Pompe Partnered Program"),
Parent shall transfer Parent\'s and its subsidiaries\' and affiliates\'
internal management responsibility for such Pompe Partnered Program
(including management of the budgets and resources for such program) and for
Parent\'s and its subsidiaries\' and affiliates\' obligations to such third
party to John F. Crowley, in his capacity as an employee of Parent (as long
as he is an employee of Parent), in a manner consistent with Section 4.23(b)
below; provided that Mr. Crowley is the President of the Company immediately
prior to the Effective Time. In the event that, in connection with any Pompe
Partnered Program, Parent or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall have
the right to appoint members to any steering committee, project management
committee or any other committee having a managerial, supervisory or
oversight role in connection with such Pompe Partnered Program, Parent shall
appoint Mr. Crowley, in his capacity as an employee of Parent (as long as he
is an employee of Parent), to serve as one of such members of each such
committee that Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates has the right to
appoint members; provided that Mr. Crowley is the President of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time.  4.23 MANAGEMENT OF PROGRAMS. From
and after the Effective Time and until the earlier of: (i) payment, in full,
by Parent of the Contingent Merger Consideration, (ii) June 1, 2006 if the
First Milestone is not achieved, and (iii) June 1, 2008 if the First
Milestone is achieved, Parent shall, and shall cause or direct its
subsidiaries and Affiliates (as defined below), including, without
limitation, the Surviving Corporation to:   (a) use its commercially
reasonable and diligent efforts to execute the Company\'s plans for a Phase
I/II clinical trial for the Pompe program substantially as such plans   
52    existed as of the Effective Date with such modifications as may be
(i) reasonably deemed necessary or desirable due to the requirements,
guidelines or requests of applicable regulatory authorities or the
Institutional Review Board(s) of the institutions participating in such
clinical trial or (ii) reasonably deemed by Parent to be in the best
interests of the Pompe disease product development program or the patients in
such program in consultation with John F. Crowley (or his successor), in his
capacity as an employee of Parent;   (b) make all decisions regarding (x)
the development of and clinical trials for potential Approved Products other
than the product referenced in clause (y) below (and related operating
budgets) and (y) after the completion (or earlier termination) of the Phase
I/II trial referenced in clause 4.23(a) above, the further development of and
additional clinical trials for the Pompe disease product that was under
development by the Company prior to the Effective Date (and related operating
budgets), in the case of either of the foregoing clauses (x) or (y), using
commercially reasonable standards consistent with the exercise of prudent
scientific and business judgment and consistent with those standards used by
Parent for its other therapeutic products at a similar stage of development
and with similar commercial potential, with it being understood and agreed
that such decisions will be made by the management of Parent\'s Therapeutics
business unit (or the successor thereto) and its Portfolio Management
Committee (or the successor thereto) and that John F. Crowley (or
his successor), in his capacity as an employee of Parent, will participate in
such decisions; provided Mr. Crowley is the President of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time; and   (c) use its commercially
reasonable and diligent efforts to develop and/or conduct clinical trials for
any potential Approved Products that Parent decides, in accordance with the
provisions of SECTION 4.23(b) above, to develop or conduct trials for (or
further develop or conduct additional clinical trials for, as the case may
be).   As used in this SECTION 4.23, the term (i) "commercially reasonable
and diligent efforts" shall mean that level of effort which, consistent with
the exercise of prudent scientific and business judgment, is applied by
Parent to its other therapeutic products at a similar stage of development
and with similar commercial potential, and (ii) "Affiliate" shall mean any
corporation or other entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with Parent. Parent shall be regarded as in control of another
corporation or entity if it owns or directly or indirectly controls more than
fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or other ownership interest of a
corporation or entity, or if it possesses, directly or indirectly, the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a
corporation or other entity or the power to elect or appoint more than fifty
percent (50%) of the members of the governing body of a corporation or other
entity.   In the event that Parent or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates
is a party to at the Effective Time, or after the Effective Time enters into
or amends (including any amendment for purposes of covering any potential
Approved Product), any collaboration, strategic alliance, joint venture,
license or other agreement with a third party for the development of any
potential Approved Product, Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to cause
the provisions of this Section 4.23 to substantially apply to such third
party (it being understood that, in such case, any reference in this Section
4.23 to John Crowley shall be substituted for and deemed a reference to
Parent and    53    all references to Mr. Crowley\'s employment status
with Parent (or its subsidiary or affiliate, as the case may be) or the
Company shall be disregarded as not being applicable and any reference to
Parent or any business unit of Parent shall be substituted for and deemed a
reference to such third party).   SECTION 5 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE 
OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER   The respective
obligations of each party to consummate the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by mutual consent of the other party, at or before the
Effective Time, of each of the following conditions:  5.1 STOCKHOLDER
APPROVAL. The Company shall have obtained the requisite vote of holders of
Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock necessary to adopt this
Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated hereby.  5.2 ABSENCE OF
ORDER. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or
other Order issued by a court or other Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction shall be in effect and have the effect of making the Merger
illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger. Parent and the
Company each agree to use reasonable commercial efforts to have any
such Order or injunction lifted or stayed.  5.3 REGULATORY APPROVALS. All
approvals from Governmental Entities shall have been obtained; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that the conditions of this SECTION 5.3 shall not apply to any party
whose failure to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement shall have been
the cause of, or shall have resulted in, such failure to obtain such
approval.  5.4 HSR ACT. Any waiting period (and any extension thereof)
applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or
shall have expired.  5.5 REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The SEC shall have declared
effective a Registration Statement covering resales of shares of Parent
Common Stock included in the Initial Merger Consideration by Company
stockholders who have elected to include shares in such Registration
Statement, all in accordance with SECTION 4.8 hereof, and such Registration
Statement shall not be subject to a stop order.   SECTION 6 - CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF  PARENT AND MERGER SUB TO CONSUMMATE THE
MERGER   The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger
are subject, to the fulfillment of the following conditions, any one or more
of which may be waived by Parent:  6.1 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
COVENANTS. The representations and warranties made by the Company in this
Agreement shall have been accurate as of the date of this Agreement and shall
be accurate as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to any materiality
and knowledge qualifiers) as if made on and as of the Closing Date except, in
each case (i) to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of a
specific date, in which case such    54    representations and
warranties shall be accurate in all material respects as of such date or (ii)
where the failure to be accurate, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company shall have
performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants and
agreements required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
it on or prior to the Effective Time. The Company shall have delivered to
Parent a certificate signed by its chief executive officer, dated the Closing
Date, to the foregoing effect, and certifying the amount of the Transaction
Expenses.  6.2 CORPORATE CERTIFICATES. The Company shall have delivered a
copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as in effect
immediately prior to the Closing Date, certified by the Delaware Secretary of
State and a certificate, as of the most recent practicable date, of the
Delaware Secretary of State as to the Company\'s corporate good
standing.  6.3 SECRETARY\'S CERTIFICATE. The Company shall have delivered a
certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date,
certifying as to (a) the incumbency of officers of the Company executing
documents executed and delivered in connection herewith, (b) a copy of the
By-Laws of the Company, as in effect from the date this Agreement was
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company until the Closing Date, (c)
a copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company
authorizing and approving the applicable matters contemplated hereunder, and
(iv) a copy of the resolutions of the stockholders of the Company adopting
this Agreement and approving the transactions contemplated hereby.  6.4
CONSENTS. The Company shall have obtained waivers or consents, which
shall remain in full force and effect, with respect to each agreement
required to be disclosed in SECTION 2.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
such that the terms of any such agreement are unchanged by this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, except for such waivers or consents as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.  6.5 OPINION OF COUNSEL TO COMPANY. Parent shall have received the
opinion of Bingham Dana LLP, or Phillips McFall McCaffrey McVay and Murrah,
P.C., counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date, addressed to Parent,
and substantially in the form of EXHIBIT D attached hereto.  6.6 NUMBER OF
ACCREDITED INVESTORS. Each Company stockholder shall have previously
delivered to Parent an executed Accredited Investor
Questionnaire substantially in the form attached as EXHIBIT B, and there
shall be no more than 35 Company stockholders who are not "accredited
investors" as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act, or who are not
otherwise excluded from the calculation of the number of Purchasers under
Rule 501(e) under the Securities Act.  6.7 PURCHASER REPRESENTATIVE. Each
Company stockholder who is not an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501 under the Securities Act and who does not meet the sophistication
requirements set forth in Rule 501 under the Securities Act, shall be
represented by a Purchaser Representative, as defined in Regulation D under
the Securities Act, reasonably    55    satisfactory to Parent, and
such Purchaser Representative shall have executed and delivered documentation
reasonably satisfactory to Parent.  6.8 CONVERSION AND SURRENDER OF ALL
RIGHTS OF COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company
shall have amended the Certificate of Designation to provide for the
automatic conversion of each outstanding share of Company Preferred Stock at
the Effective Time of the Merger into shares of Company Common Stock. In
addition, on or prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall have delivered
to Parent executed copies of the following agreements:   (a) an amendment
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of September 13, 2000,
among the Company and the purchasers named therein, pursuant to Article XI
thereof, terminating such agreement, and all rights and obligations of the
parties thereunder, in their entirety;   (b) an amendment to the Series B
Purchase Agreement, pursuant to Article XIII thereof, terminating such
agreement, and all rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, in their
entirety, except that the rights and obligations of such parties with respect
to, and the provisions of the Series B Purchase Agreement that provide for,
the Company Preferred Stock Purchase Rights shall survive such termination as
provided in SECTION 1.7(e);   (c) an amendment to that certain Registration
Rights Agreement dated as of September 13, 2000, by and among the Company and
certain of its Series A Preferred Stockholders, as amended by Amendment No. 1
thereto dated as of April 17, 2001, pursuant to Section 9(e) thereof,
terminating such agreement, and all rights and obligations of the parties
thereunder, in their entirety;   (d) an amendment to that certain Amended
and Restated Rights Agreement dated as of February 26, 2001 between the
Company and Neose Technologies, Inc., terminating such agreement, and all
rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, in their entirety; and  
(e) an amendment to that certain Amended and Restated
Stockholders\' Agreement dated April 17, 2001, by and among the Company and
the Company\'s stockholders who are parties thereto, pursuant to Section 6.4
thereof, terminating such agreement, and all rights and obligations of the
parties thereunder, in their entirety.  6.9 FIRPTA CERTIFICATE. The Company
shall have delivered (a) to Parent a statement, dated not more than 20 days
prior to the Closing Date, signed by a responsible corporate officer
verifying under penalties of perjury that the statement is correct and
otherwise complying with the applicable requirements of Treasury Regulations
Sections 1.1445-2(c)(3) and 1.897-2(h), certifying that ownership interests
in the Company are not U.S. real property interests as defined in Section
897(c) of the Code and (b) to the IRS a notice to the IRS of such
certification in accordance with the provisions of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.897-2(h)(2), signed by a responsible corporate officer
of the Company. The Company acknowledges that Parent may file such notice
with the IRS on behalf of the Company on or after the Closing Date.   
56    6.10 UPDATED SCHEDULE I. If any Company Options shall have been
exercised after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered
to Parent three business day before the Closing Date, a revised SCHEDULE I
updated in accordance with SECTION 4.21, or if no Company Options have been
exercised after the date hereof, include in the certificate to be delivered
by the Company pursuant to SECTION 6.1 a certification to that
effect.  6.11 DISSENTING SHARES. The holders of not more than 5% of the
total shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock (considered
together on an as-converted basis) shall have perfected rights of appraisal
under Section 262 of the DGCL.   SECTION 7 - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE
OBLIGATION OF  COMPANY TO CONSUMMATE THE MERGER   The obligation of the
Company to consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment of the
following conditions, any one or more of which may be waived by it:  7.1
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. The representations and warranties
made by Parent and Merger Sub in this Agreement shall have been accurate as
of the date of this Agreement and shall be accurate as of the Closing Date as
if made on and as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to any
materiality or knowledge qualifiers) except (i) to the extent
such representations and warranties speak as of a specific date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be accurate in all material
respects as of such date or (ii) where the failure to be accurate, in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed and complied in all
material respects with all covenants and agreements required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Effective
Time. Parent and Merger Sub shall have delivered to the Company a certificate
from its chief executive officer or chief financial officer, dated the
Closing Date, to the foregoing effect.  7.2 TAX OPINION. The Company shall
have received the opinion of Bingham Dana LLP, dated on or prior to the
Closing Date, to the effect that (i) the Merger will constitute a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii)
Parent, the Company and Merger Sub will each be a party to a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. In rendering such opinion,
counsel shall be entitled to rely on customary representation letters of
Parent, the Company and Merger Sub and others, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if
Bingham Dana LLP is unwilling to deliver such opinion, this condition shall
be deemed satisfied if Palmer and Dodge LLP delivers such opinion. Parent, the
Company and Merger Sub agree to provide such representations as are
reasonably requested by Bingham Dana LLP and Palmer and Dodge LLP in connection
with its tax opinion.  7.3 CLERK\'S CERTIFICATE. Parent shall have delivered
a certificate of the Clerk of Parent, dated as of the Closing Date,
certifying as to (a) the incumbency of officers of Parent executing documents
executed and delivered in connection herewith, (b) a copy of the By-Laws of
Parent, as in effect from the date this Agreement was approved by the Board
of Directors of    57    Parent until the Closing Date, and (c) a copy
of the resolutions of the Board of Directors authorizing and approving the
applicable matters contemplated hereunder.  7.4 CORPORATE CERTIFICATES.
Parent shall have delivered a copy of the Articles of Organization of Parent,
as in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, certified by the
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and a certificate, as of the
most recent practicable date, of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts as to Parent\'s corporate good standing. Merger Sub shall have
delivered a copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub, as in
effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, certified by the
Delaware Secretary of State and a certificate as of the most recent
practicable date of the Delaware Secretary of State as to Merger Sub\'s
corporate good standing.  7.5 CLOSING PARENT PRICE. The Closing Parent Price
shall be not less than $34.36 (subject to adjustment for any
reclassification, subdivision, recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock
split (including reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or
other similar transaction (other than the Merger) affecting the shares of
Parent Common Stock), PROVIDED, HOWEVER, in no event shall this SECTION 7.5
apply if Parent exercises its right to increase the Exchange Ratio pursuant
to SECTION 8.1(e).   SECTION 8 - TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  8.1
TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
the Effective Time, whether prior to or after the stockholders of the Company
adopt this Agreement:   (a) by either the Company or Parent, by written
notice to the other, if the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or
before December 21, 2001 (the "Termination Date"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
the right to terminate this Agreement under this SECTION 8.1(a) shall not be
available to any party whose breach of a representation or warranty or
failure to fulfill any covenant or other agreement under this Agreement has
been the cause of, or resulted in the failure of, the Merger to occur on or
before such date;   (b) by the Company (provided that the Company is not
then in breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement
contained herein such that it is reasonably certain that the conditions to
Parent\'s obligations to close as set forth in SECTION 6.1 will not be
satisfied), by written notice to Parent, if a circumstance exists or
circumstances exist such that it is reasonably certain that the conditions to
the Company\'s obligation to close as set forth in SECTIONS 5 and 7 will not
be satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, the Company shall not have a right to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.1(b), (i) if the
circumstance is or the circumstances are susceptible to change through action
or inaction by Parent and (ii) within 20 days after written notice from the
Company, Parent effects a change in the circumstance or circumstances such
that it ceases to be reasonably certain that the conditions to the Company\'s
obligation to close as set forth in SECTIONS 5 and 7 will not be
satisfied;   (c) by Parent (provided that Parent is not then in breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein
such that it is reasonably certain that the conditions to the Company\'s
obligation to close as set forth in SECTION 7.1 will not be satisfied),   
58    by written notice to the Company, if a circumstance exists or
circumstances exist such that it is reasonably certain that the conditions to
Parent\'s obligation to close as set forth in SECTIONS 5 and 6 will not be
satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, Parent shall not have a right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.1(c), (i) if the circumstance is or the
circumstances are susceptible to change through action or inaction by the
Company and (ii) within 20 days after written notice from Parent, the Company
effects a change in the circumstance or circumstances such that it ceases to
be reasonably certain that the conditions to the Company\'s obligation to
close as set forth in SECTIONS 5 and 6 will not be satisfied;   (d) by
either Parent or the Company, by written notice to the other, if any
Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued
any injunction or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger and such injunction
or other action shall have become final and non-appealable;   (e) by the
Company, upon three business days notice to Parent after the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in SECTIONS 5 and 6 (other than delivery
of the items to be delivered at Closing), if the average of the per share
closing prices of Parent Common Stock as reported by The Nasdaq National
Market for the 20 trading days prior to the date such notice is given is less
than $34.36 (subject to adjustment for any reclassification, subdivision,
recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock split (including reverse stock
split), stock dividend or distribution or other similar transaction (other
than the Merger) affecting the shares of Parent Common Stock); PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that Parent may negate such termination by notifying the Company
within such three business days of its election to increase the Exchange
Ratio by the percentage by which the quotient determined by dividing (x)
$34.36 (subject to adjustment for any reclassification,
subdivision, recapitalization, combination, exchange, stock split (including
reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or other similar
transaction (other than the Merger) affecting the shares of Parent Common
Stock) by (y) the average of the per share closing prices during the 20
trading days ending three trading days prior to Closing Date exceeds 1, in
which case the Closing Date shall occur on the third trading day after Parent
so notifies the Company.   (f) at any time with the mutual written consent
of Parent and the Company.  8.2 EFFECT OF TERMINATION. If this Agreement is
terminated as provided in SECTION 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and have no effect, without liability on the part of Parent, Merger Sub
and the Company and their respective directors, officers or stockholders,
except that (a) the provisions of this SECTION 8, SECTION 9, SECTION 4.4
relating to expenses, and SECTION 4.9 relating to publicity shall survive and
(b) no such termination shall relieve any party from liability by reason of
any willful breach by such party of any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement.  8.3 AMENDMENT.
Prior to the Effective Time, this Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument signed by each of the parties hereto; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that
after adoption of this Agreement by the Company stockholders and prior to the
Effective Time, without the further approval of the Company stockholders,
no amendment may be made that (a) alters or changes the amount or kind
of consideration to be received as provided in SECTION 1.6,   
59    (b) alters or changes any term of the Certificate of Incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation or (c) alters or changes any of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement if such alteration or change would adversely
affect the Company stockholders.  8.4 WAIVER. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, either party hereto may (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party hereto
or (b) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other party or any
conditions to its own obligations, in each case only to the extent such
obligations, agreements and conditions are intended for its benefit; PROVIDED
THAT, any such extension or waiver shall be binding upon a party only if such
extension or waiver is set forth in a writing executed by such party.  
SECTION 9 - MISCELLANEOUS  9.1 SURVIVAL. None of the representations and
warranties of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub contained herein shall
survive the Effective Time, and only those covenants and agreements contained
herein that by their terms are to be performed after the Effective Time shall
survive the Effective Time.  9.2 NOTICES. Any notice or other communication
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given
when so delivered in person, by overnight courier, by facsimile transmission
(with receipt confirmed by telephone or by automatic transmission report) or
two business days after being sent by registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested), as follows:   (a) if to Parent or
Merger Sub, to:   Genzyme Corporation  One Kendall Square  Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02139  Attn: Executive Vice President, Therapeutics and 
Genetics  Telephone: (617) 252-7500  Facsimile: (617) 761-8891   with a
copy to:   Palmer and Dodge LLP  One Beacon Street  Boston, Massachusetts
02108  Attn: Paul M. Kinsella  Telephone: (617) 573-0100  Facsimile: (617)
227-4420    60     (b) if to the Company, to:   Novazyme
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  800 Research Parkway, Suite 200  Oklahoma City, OK
73104  Attn: President  Telephone: (405) 271-8144  Facsimile: (405)
271-8154   with a copy to:   Bingham Dana LLP  150 Federal Street 
Boston, MA 02110  Attn: Julio E. Vega, Esq. and Matthew J. Cushing, Esq. 
Telephone: (617) 951-8000  Facsimile: (617) 951-8736  Any party may by
notice given in accordance with this SECTION 9.2 to the other parties
designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder.  9.3
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the Voting Agreement contain the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Merger and supersede
all prior agreements, written or oral, between the parties with respect
thereto, other than the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall survive
execution of this Agreement and any termination of this Agreement.  9.4
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without
regard to its conflict or law provisions, except to the extent that the laws
of the State of Delaware apply to the Merger and the rights of the
stockholders relative to the Merger.  9.5 BINDING EFFECT; NO ASSIGNMENT; NO
THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.   (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns. This Agreement is not assignable without the prior written
consent of the other parties hereto.   (b) Other than SECTIONS 1.6(b), 4.8,
4.18, 4.22 and 4.23, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any person other than Parent, Merger Sub and
the Company and their respective successors and permitted assigns any right,
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that all former Company
stockholders with respect to SECTIONS 1.6(b), 4.8, 4.22 and 4.23, and that
all of the Company\'s officers and directors with respect to SECTION 4.18,
derive independent value from the provisions set forth in such sections; that
each of them is intended to be a third party beneficiary of such provisions;
and that each of them shall    61    have the right to enforce such
provisions as if each was a party to this Agreement; PROVIDED, THAT, (i) any
modification of any rights or obligations under SECTIONS 1.6(b), 4.8, 4.22
and 4.23 made or approved by a majority of John F. Crowley, William N.
Canfield and a representative of the holders of the Company\'s Preferred
Stock who shall be approved by a vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Company Preferred Stock, voting as a single class,
prior to the Effective Time (collectively, the "Representatives") and (ii)
any enforcement or termination of any rights or obligations under Section
4.22 and 4.23 made or approved by a majority of the Representatives shall be
binding on all former Company Stockholders.  9.6 SECTION HEADINGS,
CONSTRUCTION. The headings of Sections in this Agreement are provided for
convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation. All
references to "Section" or "Sections" refer to the corresponding Section or
Sections of this Agreement. All words used in this Agreement will be
construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances require. Unless
otherwise expressly provided, the word "including" does not limit the
preceding words or terms.  9.7 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed
in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and both of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  9.8
SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid
or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Any provision of
this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will
remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or
unenforceable. The parties further agree to replace such invalid or
unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business
and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable provision.  9.9
SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER. In the event any action shall be
brought to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the parties
agree that such action will be brought in the U.S. District Court, determined
as follows: If the party making a claim is the Company, the venue shall be
the U.S. District Court for Massachusetts; if the party making a claim is
Parent or Merger Sub, the venue shall be the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Oklahoma. Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub
hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any action or proceeding for itself
and in respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, to the
nonexclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of Company, Parent
and Merger Sub hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of
motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding
with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason other
than the failure to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its property is
exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal
process commenced in such courts (whether through service of
notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of
judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise), and (c) to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any
such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit,
action or proceeding is improper, and (iii) this Agreement, or the subject
matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.    62    9.10
ENFORCEMENT. The parties recognize and agree that if for any reason any
of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with
their specific terms or are otherwise breached, immediate and irreparable
harm or injury would be caused for which money damages would not be an
adequate remedy. Accordingly, each party agrees that in addition to other
remedies the other party shall be entitled to an injunction restraining any
violation or threatened violation of the provisions of this Agreement. In the
event that any action shall be brought in equity to enforce the provisions of
the Agreement, neither party will allege, and each party hereby waives the
defense, that there is an adequate remedy at law.  9.11 RULES OF
CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by
counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and,
therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or ruling of
construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other
document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or
document.  9.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND THE
COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
RELATED DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALINGS, STATEMENT OR
ACTION RELATED HERETO OR THERETO.   [Remainder of page intentionally left
blank]     63     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement and Plan of Merger as of the date first stated above.   GENZYME
CORPORATION    By /s/ G. Jan van Heek 
---------------------------------------------  Name: G. Jan van Heek  Title:
Executive Vice President, Therapeutics  and Genetics    RODEO MERGER
CORP.    By /s/ G. Jan van Heek 
---------------------------------------------  Name: G. Jan van Heek  Title:
Vice President    NOVAZYME PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.    By /s/ John F.
Crowley  ---------------------------------------------  Name: John F.
Crowley  Title: President and Chief Executive Officer       [Signature
Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]      '

