 EXHIBIT 10     Exhibit 10   EXECUTION
VERSION   STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   BY AND AMONG   SAFECO
CORPORATION,   GENERAL AMERICA CORPORATION,   WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE
GROUP, LTD.   AND   OCCUM ACQUISITION CORP.   dated as of   March 15,
2004     STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated
as of March 15, 2004 (this "AGREEMENT"), is by and among Safeco Corporation,
a Washington corporation ("SELLER"), General America Corporation ("GAC"), a
Washington corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Seller, White
Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., a company existing under the laws of Bermuda
("PARENT"), and Occum Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("BUYER").   WHEREAS, Seller operates on a
nationwide basis in segments of the insurance industry and other financial
services-related businesses, including, through those certain direct and
indirect Subsidiaries of Seller identified on SCHEDULE A (each such person,
an "ACQUIRED COMPANY"), the provision of individual and group insurance
products, annuity products, mutual funds and investment advisory
services;   WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase (directly or indirectly) all
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Acquired Companies as of
the Closing Date (collectively, the "SHARES") for the consideration and
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.   NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto agree as follows:   ARTICLE I.  PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE
SHARES   SECTION 1.1 PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES. At the Closing, on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Seller
shall, and, with respect to the stock of SIS, shall cause GAC to, sell,
assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer hereby agrees to
purchase, all of the Shares, free and clear of all Liens.   SECTION 1.2
CLOSING. Subject to the provisions of Article VI, the closing of the
purchases and sales contemplated by this Agreement (the "CLOSING") shall take
place in Seattle, WA at the offices of Seller at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time on
the later of (i) June 30, 2004 and (ii) the last day of the month after the
date on which each of the conditions set forth in Article V (other than
conditions that are satisfied by the delivery of documents or the payment of
money at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived by the party or parties
entitled to the benefit of such conditions (or if such day is not a Business
Day, on the next succeeding Business Day); PROVIDED, that solely for purposes
of the parties\' respective accounting, the Closing shall be deemed to have
occurred at 12:01 a.m. on the first day of the following month, or at
such other place, at such other time or on such other date as Parent and
Seller may mutually agree. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is
hereinafter referred to as the "CLOSING DATE." Subject to the provisions of
Article VI, a party\'s failure to consummate the purchases and sales provided
for in this Agreement on the date and time and at the place determined
pursuant to this Section 1.2 will not result in the termination of this
Agreement and will not relieve any party of any obligation under this
Agreement.     SECTION 1.3 CLOSING OBLIGATIONS.   (a) At the Closing,
Seller shall, or with respect to SIS, cause  GAC to, deliver to Buyer:  
(i) certificates representing the Shares of the Acquired  Companies that are
direct subsidiaries of Seller and GAC, duly  endorsed (or accompanied by duly
executed stock powers) in proper  form for transfer of such Shares, with
appropriate transfer stamps,  if any, affixed, to Buyer;   (ii) a
Transition Services Agreement, substantially in  the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT A (the "TRANSITION SERVICES  AGREEMENT");   (iii) an Intellectual
Property License from Seller to  Buyer, substantially in the form attached
hereto as EXHIBIT B (the  "BUYER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE");   (iv) a
Transitional Trademark License, substantially in  the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT C (the "TRANSITIONAL TRADEMARK  LICENSE");   (v) a Lease Agreement
for the Redmond, WA campus  facility, substantially in the form attached
hereto as EXHIBIT D  (the "LEASE AGREEMENT"); and   (vi) a copy of each new
Investment Company Advisory  Agreement (or, where permitted, approval of the
continuation of the  existing Investment Company Advisory Agreement)
described in Section  4.9(b)(i)(B)(x).   (b) At the Closing, Buyer shall,
and Parent shall cause Buyer  to, deliver to Seller, including for the
benefit of GAC with respect to  SIS:   (i) $1,350,000,000 (the "CLOSING
CONSIDERATION") by wire  transfer of immediately available funds to an
account designated by  Seller in writing at least two (2) Business Days\'
prior to the  Closing Date, subject to the post-Closing purchase price
adjustment  pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof;   (ii) the Transition Services
Agreement;   (iii) the Transitional Trademark License; and   (iv) the
Lease Agreement (the documents described in  clauses (ii)-(iv) along with
this Agreement and the Buyer  Intellectual Property License, being referred
to collectively as the  "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS").   SECTION 1.4 POST-
CLOSING ADJUSTMENT.   3    (a) As soon as practicable following the
Closing, Seller shall  prepare or cause to be prepared audited financial
statements (including  balance sheets and statements of income and the
requisite footnotes  thereto) of the Insurance Subsidiaries as of and for the
six months ended  June 30, 2004 (the "JUNE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"). The June
Financial  Statements (i) shall be prepared in accordance with SAP (which for
purposes  of this SECTION 1.4 only shall include the Agreed Accounting
Policies)  consistently applied in accordance with the accounting policies
and  practices (including with respect to assumptions, estimations
methodology  and actuarial methodology) used to prepare the Insurance
Subsidiary  Statements as of December 31, 2003 (the "DECEMBER FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS")  and (ii) shall be audited by Ernst and Young LLP in accordance
with generally  accepted auditing standards in the United States ("GAAS").
For the  avoidance of doubt, certain of the accounting policies and practices
used  to prepare the December Financial Statements and to be used to prepare
the  June Financial Statements are set forth on Schedule 1.4 attached
hereto  (such policies and practices, the "AGREED ACCOUNTING POLICIES"). No
later  than forty-five (45) days following the Closing, Seller shall cause a
copy  of the June Financial Statements to be delivered to Buyer, along with
an  unqualified executed audit opinion of Ernst and Young LLP substantially
in  the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1.4 stating that (i) the June
Financial  Statements were prepared in accordance with SAP and (ii) the June
Financial  Statements were audited by Ernst and Young LLP in accordance with
GAAS.   (b) Buyer shall have forty-five (45) days following delivery of 
the June Financial Statements (the "OBJECTION PERIOD") to provide written 
notice to Seller (the "OBJECTION NOTICE") of any good faith objection to  any
portion of the June Financial Statements (and the June Adjusted  Statutory
Book Value calculated therefrom), which objection shall be set  forth with
reasonable detail in such Objection Notice. Unless Buyer timely  delivers an
Objection Notice before the expiration of the Objection Period,  the June
Financial Statements (and the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value  calculated
therefrom) shall be deemed to have been accepted and approved by  Buyer and
shall thereafter be final and binding upon Buyer for purposes of  any post-
closing adjustment set forth in this Section 1.4 (and any amounts  to be paid
pursuant to Section 1.4(f) hereof shall thereupon be paid). In  addition, to
the extent any portion of the June Financial Statements or of  the
calculation of the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value shall not be  expressly
objected to in the Objection Notice, such matters shall be deemed  to have
been accepted and approved by Buyer and shall be final and binding  upon
Buyer for purposes hereof. If Buyer timely delivers an Objection  Notice
before the expiration of the Objection Period, then those aspects of  the
June Financial Statements objected to in the Objection Notice shall not 
thereafter be final and binding until resolved in accordance with this 
Section 1.4.   4    (c) Following receipt of any Objection Notice, Seller
and Buyer  shall discuss in good faith the applicable objections set forth
therein for  a period of thirty (30) days thereafter and shall, during such
period,  attempt to resolve the matter or matters in dispute by mutual
written  agreement. If the parties reach such an agreement, such agreement
shall be  confirmed in writing and the June Financial Statements shall be
revised to  reflect such agreement (or the parties shall otherwise agree to
reflect  such agreement in a written memorandum of adjustment (an
"ADJUSTMENT  MEMORANDUM")), which agreement (and the (i) June Financial
Statements, as  so revised, including the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value
calculated  therefrom or (ii) Adjustment Memorandum, as applicable) shall
thereafter be  final and binding upon Seller and Buyer for purposes of any
post-closing  adjustment set forth in this Section 1.4 (and any amounts to be
paid  pursuant to Section 1.4(f) hereof shall thereupon be paid).   5   
(d) If the parties are unable to reach a mutual agreement in  accordance with
Section 1.4(c) hereof during the thirty (30) day period  referred to therein,
then Seller and Buyer shall jointly select a qualified  partner (with fifteen
(15) or more years of life insurance accounting  experience) of either
Deloitte and Touche LLP or KPMG LLP (the "ACCOUNTING  EXPERT"), who, acting as
an expert and not as an arbitrator, shall resolve  those matters still in
dispute with respect to the June Financial  Statements and the June Adjusted
Statutory Book Value calculated therefrom.  If the parties fail to agree on
an Accounting Expert within five (5)  Business Days after the expiration of
the thirty (30) day period, either  party may request the American
Arbitration Association to appoint such an  Accounting Expert (or a qualified
partner (with fifteen (15) or more years  of life insurance accounting
experience) of another accounting firm if both  accounting firms decline to
or are disqualified from accepting the  dispute), and such appointment shall
be conclusive and binding upon the  parties. The Accounting Expert\'s
resolution of the matters in dispute,  including any adjustments to the June
Financial Statements (or the June  Adjusted Statutory Book Value calculated
therefrom) made by the Accounting  Expert, shall be made by a detailed
writing and shall be final and binding  on Seller and Buyer (and any amounts
to be paid pursuant to Section 1.4(f)  hereof shall thereupon be paid).
Within twenty (20) days of the appointment  of the Accounting Expert, each
party shall deliver a written presentation  of its position to the Accounting
Expert and the other party, and the  parties will then have ten (10) days to
prepare a written response to the  other party\'s presentation. The
Accounting Expert may also request written  responses from the parties to
specific questions at any time, which shall  be delivered to the Accounting
Expert and the other party. The Accounting  Expert shall make a determination
as soon as practicable and in any event  within sixty (60) days (or such
other time as the parties shall agree in  writing) after its engagement.
Notwithstanding anything set forth in this  Section 1.4(d), the scope of any
dispute to be resolved by the Accounting  Expert pursuant to this Section
1.4(d) shall be limited to whether the June  Financial Statements were
prepared in accordance with SAP (including the  Agreed Accounting Policies),
consistently applied with their application as  of December 31, 2003, or
whether there were mathematical errors in the June  Financial Statements or
the calculation of the June Adjusted Statutory Book  Value, and, except for
the foregoing matters, the Accounting Expert shall  not and is not to make
any further determination. In resolving any disputed  item, the Accounting
Expert may not assign a value to any particular item  greater than the
greatest value for such item claimed by Seller or Buyer or  less than the
smallest value for such item claimed by Seller or Buyer, in  each case as
presented to the Accounting Expert. Seller and Buyer agree to  fully
cooperate with each other and with the Accounting Expert to resolve  any
dispute.   6    (e) Seller and Buyer agree that judgment may be entered
to give  effect to the determination of the Accounting Expert in any court
having  jurisdiction over the party against which such determination is to
be  enforced. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, the procedure set forth in this Section 1.4 shall be each party\'s 
exclusive remedy against the other party to this Agreement with respect to 
any disputes relating to an adjustment to the Closing Consideration; 
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, except as provided in this sentence and in Section 
7.3(d), Seller and GAC acknowledge that neither the decision of the 
Accounting Expert, if any, nor Parent and Buyer\'s acceptance of the final 
and binding June Financial Statements shall in any way limit or otherwise 
affect Parent and Buyer\'s rights to make any claim for breach of any 
representation, warranty or covenant of Seller or GAC under this Agreement, 
or in Parent and Buyer\'s right to indemnification for any such breach under 
Article VII.   (f) If the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value as calculated
from  the final and binding June Financial Statements: (i) is greater than
the  Target Statutory Book Value, then Buyer shall pay to Seller the amount
by  which the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value exceeds the Target
Statutory  Book Value; or (ii) is less than the Target Statutory Book Value,
then  Seller shall pay to Buyer the amount by which the June Adjusted
Statutory  Book Value is less than the Target Statutory Book Value (the
amount of  either such adjustment, a "POST-CLOSING ADJUSTMENT AMOUNT"). The
"PURCHASE  PRICE" shall equal the Closing Consideration plus the Post-
Closing  Adjustment Amount, if payable by Buyer, or minus the Post-Closing 
Adjustment Amount, if payable by Seller. Buyer and Seller acknowledge that 
for purposes of the procedures set forth in this Section 1.4 only, the 
calculation of June Adjusted Statutory Book Value will be made subject to 
the provisions of Section 4.15.   7    (g) Any Post-Closing Adjustment
Amount payable by Seller  pursuant to this Section 1.4 shall be paid promptly
by Seller, but in no  event later than ten (10) Business Days following the
final and binding  determination of such Post-Closing Adjustment Amount (as
determined by the  Accounting Expert). Any Post-Closing Adjustment Amount
payable by Buyer  pursuant to this Section 1.4, shall be paid promptly by
Buyer, but in no  event later than ten (10) Business Days following the final
and binding  determination of such Post-Closing Adjustment Amount (as
determined by the  Accounting Expert); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if any Post-
Closing Adjustment  Amount payable by Buyer pursuant to this Section 1.4
shall be an amount  greater than $20 million (the "INITIAL ADJUSTMENT
AMOUNT"), then Buyer  shall (i) pay the Initial Adjustment Amount to Seller
within ten (10)  Business Days following the final and binding determination
of such  Post-Closing Adjustment Amount (as determined by the Accounting
Expert) and  (ii) shall issue to Seller a note (the "ADJUSTMENT NOTE") in the
amount of  the excess of such Post-Closing Adjustment Amount over the
Initial  Adjustment Amount, payable by Parent upon the earlier to occur of
(A) the  second Business Day after the date when it becomes permissible
under  applicable Law for Buyer to cause any Insurance Subsidiary to make a 
dividend to Buyer in the amount of such excess (and Buyer agrees to use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the making of such dividend  as
promptly as practicable) and (B) the first Business Day after the  twelve-
month anniversary of the date that is 90 days after the Closing  Date.
Payment by either party of (i) any Post-Closing Adjustment Amount or  (ii)
the principal of any Adjustment Note shall in each case be made in 
immediately available funds via wire transfer to an account designated by 
the party entitled to receive such payment in writing, and shall in each 
case be paid together with interest thereon, at a rate per annum equal to 
the "Prime Rate" (as reported from time to time in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL) 
plus 200 basis points, calculated on the basis of the actual number of days 
elapsed divided by 365, from and including the Closing Date to but  excluding
the date of payment.   (h) All fees and expenses of Seller relating to the
matters  described in this Section 1.4, including the preparation and
delivery of  the June Financial Statements and the fees of Ernst and Young LLP
and  Milliman, shall be borne by Seller, and all fees and expenses of Buyer 
relating to the matters described in this Section 1.4 shall be borne by 
Buyer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event any dispute is submitted 
to the Accounting Expert for resolution as provided in Section 1.4(d) 
hereof, the fees and expenses of the Accounting Expert (and any arbitrator 
appointing such expert, if applicable) shall be borne equally by Seller and 
Buyer.   8    (i) Following the Closing, Buyer shall not take any action
with  respect to the accounting books and records of the Acquired Companies
and  their Subsidiaries on which the June Financial Statements or the 
calculation of June Adjusted Statutory Book Value is to be based that is  not
consistent with the past practices of the Acquired Companies (including  the
Agreed Accounting Policies) and would affect the June Financial  Statements
or the calculation of June Adjusted Statutory Book Value.  Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, no changes shall be made  in the methodology
for establishing any reserve or other account existing  as of the date of the
balance sheet included within the June Financial  Statements (including with
respect to assumptions, estimations methodology  and actuarial methodology)
that would affect the June Financial Statements  or the calculation of June
Adjusted Statutory Book Value.   SECTION 1.5 CLOSING COSTS; TRANSFER TAXES
AND FEES. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 1.5, Buyer and Seller
shall each bear 50% of the cost of (a) all documentary, sales, use, stamp and
transfer Taxes and any other Taxes or fees imposed by reason of the transfer
of the Shares (and any deficiency, interest or penalty asserted with respect
thereto) ("TRANSFER TAXES") and filing any associated Tax Returns and (b) all
recording, filing, title and registration fees or other charges in connection
with or as a direct result of the transfer of the Shares. Buyer shall bear
all Transfer Taxes resulting solely from the fact that Parent is a foreign
entity and all costs (including those costs relating to insurance regulatory
approvals) of applying for new Required Licenses and obtaining the transfer
of existing Required Licenses which may be lawfully transferred.   ARTICLE
II.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF SELLER AND GAC   Except as set
forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Seller to Buyer (the "SELLER
DISCLOSURE LETTER") (PROVIDED, that the listing of an item in one part of the
Seller Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to be a listing in each part of the
Seller Disclosure Letter and to apply to any other representation and
warranty of Seller and GAC in this Agreement to which its relevance
is reasonably apparent on its face), each of Seller and GAC represents and
warrants to Buyer as of the date of this Agreement and, unless such
representations and warranties address a matter only as of a certain date, as
of the Closing Date as follows:   SECTION 2.1 ORGANIZATION. Each of Seller,
GAC and the Acquired Companies has been duly organized and is validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation or organization and has all requisite corporate power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as now being conducted. Each of the Acquired Companies is duly
qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which the property owned, leased or operated by it, the sale of insurance or
the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification necessary, except for such failures to be so duly qualified and
in good standing that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired
Companies.   SECTION 2.2 CAPITALIZATION.   9    (a) The capitalization
of each Acquired Company is set forth on  Part 2.2(a) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter, and there are no equity  securities issued and outstanding
of any Acquired Company except as so set  forth on Part 2.2(a) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter. All of the Shares are  owned of record by Seller, GAC or
an Acquired Company.   (b) All of the outstanding equity securities of each
Acquired  Company have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully
paid and  nonassessable. None of the Shares have been issued in violation of,
and  none of the Shares are subject to, any purchase option, call, right of 
first refusal, preemptive, subscription or similar rights under any 
provision of Law, the Constituent Documents of Seller or any subsidiary of 
Seller or any Contract or Other Agreement.   (c) The Acquired Companies have
no preferred stock, voting  common stock, non-voting common stock, or other
shares of capital stock  reserved for or otherwise subject to issuance under
existing plans or  contractual commitments. The Acquired Companies do not
have any outstanding  bonds, debentures, notes or other debt obligations, or
any outstanding  warrants or options for the purchase of any class of equity
security, the  holders of which have the right to vote or which are
convertible into or  exercisable for securities having the right to vote with
the holders of the  Shares on any matter.   (d) There are no outstanding
purchase rights, warrants, options,  rights, phantom stock rights,
agreements, convertible or exchangeable  securities or other Contracts or
Other Agreements relating to the issuance,  sale, voting, rescission,
redemption or transfer of any equity securities  or other securities of any
Acquired Company.   (e) None of the Acquired Companies owns, directly or
indirectly,  any capital stock of or other equity interests in any
corporation,  partnership or other Person (other than investments held in the
Investment  Portfolio in accordance with the Investment Guidelines) and none
of the  Acquired Companies is a member of or participant in any partnership
or  joint venture other than as may be permitted by the Investment
Guidelines.   (f) Prior to the execution of this Agreement, Seller (i) has 
delivered to Buyer true and complete copies of the Constituent Documents, 
each as amended to date, of each of the Acquired Companies and (ii) has  made
available to Buyer true and complete copies of the stock certificate  and
transfer books and the minute books of each of the Acquired Companies.  
10    SECTION 2.3 AUTHORIZATION; BINDING AGREEMENT. Each of Seller and GAC
has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which each is a party,
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which each is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of each of Seller and GAC. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by each of Seller and GAC and
(assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 3.2)
constitutes a legally valid and binding agreement of each of Seller, and GAC
enforceable against each of Seller and GAC in accordance with its terms,
subject to (i) the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors\' rights and remedies generally, and (ii) the effect of equitable
principles (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law).   SECTION 2.4 NONCONTRAVENTION. Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of, or require any
consent or approval (other than consents and approvals described in Section
2.5 below) under or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or
both) a violation or default (or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration or to loss of a material benefit) under, or
result in the creation of any Lien upon the property or assets of any
Acquired Company under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) the
Constituent Documents of Seller, GAC or any Acquired Company, (ii) any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, contract,
commitment, agreement, arrangement or other instrument or obligation
(collectively, "CONTRACTS OR OTHER AGREEMENTS") to which Seller, GAC or any
Acquired Company is a party or by which any of them or any portion of their
properties or assets may be bound or (iii) any Law or Order applicable
to Seller, GAC, any Acquired Company or any portion of their properties or
assets or any Registered Investment Company or Registered Separate Account,
other than in the case of foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), any such items
that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies.   SECTION
2.5 APPROVALS. No license, permit, consent, approval, order, certificate,
authorization, declarations of or filing with any Governmental Entity on the
part of Seller, GAC or any Acquired Company that has not been obtained or
made is required in connection with the execution or delivery by Seller or
GAC of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the consummation
by Seller and GAC of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other
than (a) filings and other applicable requirements under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR ACT"), (b)
approvals, filings and/or notices required under any applicable state or
federal banking laws or any applicable state or federal laws related to
the sale or operation of insurance, investment companies, investment advisers
or broker-dealers set forth in Part 2.5 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, or
(c) consents, approvals, authorizations, declarations or filings that, if
not obtained or made, would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies, or prevent Seller or GAC
from consummating the transactions contemplated hereby.   11    SECTION
2.6 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. (a) Attached as Part 2.6(a) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter are (i) the unaudited combined financial
statements (consisting of balance sheets and statements of income) as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2003 of the Acquired Companies that are not
Insurance Subsidiaries and (ii) the audited financial statements (consisting
of balance sheets, statements of income and statements of cash flows),
including the related footnotes, as of and for the year ended December 31,
2003 of each of the Acquired Companies listed on Part 2.6(a)(ii) of the
Seller Disclosure Letter (collectively, the financial statements described in
clauses (i) and (ii), the "NON-INSURANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"). The Non-
Insurance Financial Statements were derived from the same data and prepared
using the same methodologies as were used in the annual audited GAAP
financial statements of Seller included in the Seller\'s filings under the
Exchange Act, and fairly present in all material respects (except, in the
case of the Non-Insurance Financial Statements described in clause (i) above,
for the absence of footnotes) the financial condition of the Acquired
Companies that are not Insurance Subsidiaries as of the respective dates
thereof and the results of operations of the Acquired Companies that are not
Insurance Subsidiaries for the respective periods then ended.   (b) The
Acquired Companies that are not Insurance Subsidiaries do not have any
liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent, unasserted or otherwise) required by GAAP to be reflected on a
balance sheet or in the notes thereto, except (i) as disclosed, reflected or
reserved against in the balance sheet included in the Non-Insurance
Financial Statements and (ii) for ordinary course liabilities and obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of the business of the Acquired Companies
that are not Insurance Subsidiaries consistent with past practice since
December 31, 2003 and not in violation of this Agreement. This representation
and warranty shall not be deemed to be breached as a result of any change in
GAAP or Law after the date of this Agreement.   SECTION 2.7 CERTAIN
SUBSIDIARIES.   (a) INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES.   12    (i) Part 2.7(a)(i)
of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets  forth the name of each Acquired Company
that is an insurance company  (collectively, the "INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES").
Each of the Insurance  Subsidiaries is (i) duly licensed or authorized in all
material  respects as an insurance company in its jurisdiction of 
incorporation, (ii) duly licensed or authorized in all material  respects to
carry on an insurance business in each other  jurisdiction where it is
required to be so licensed or authorized,  and (iii) duly licensed or
authorized in all material respects in  its jurisdiction of incorporation and
each other applicable  jurisdiction to issue the Life and Annuity Contracts
that it is  currently writing, and was duly licensed or authorized in all 
material respects to issue the Life and Annuity Contracts that it  wrote at the
time such Life and Annuity Contracts were issued and  otherwise to conduct its
insurance and variable products business,  as required by Law. Seller, GAC
and the Insurance Subsidiaries have  made all required filings under
applicable Law regulating the  business and products of insurance, except
where the failure to  file, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be  expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the
Acquired  Companies. Part 2.7(a)(i) of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets
forth  the states where Seller, GAC and the Insurance Subsidiaries are 
domiciled or "commercially domiciled" for insurance regulatory  purposes.
Seller has previously delivered to Parent true and  complete copies of all
examination reports of insurance departments  and any insurance regulatory
authorities received by any Insurance  Subsidiary since January 1, 2001.  
(ii) With respect to each Insurance Subsidiary, each such  Insurance
Subsidiary\'s audited Insurance Subsidiary Statements as of  and for the year
ended December 31, 2003 are attached as Part  2.7(a)(ii) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter. Such Insurance  Subsidiary Statements present (and, with
respect to any Insurance  Subsidiary Statement for any quarter after December
31, 2003, and  prior to the Closing, will present) fairly in all material
respects,  on a consistent basis and in accordance with the statutory 
accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the appropriate  regulatory
agencies of the jurisdiction in which such Insurance  Subsidiary is domiciled
("SAP"), the financial position at the date  of each such statement and
results of each such Insurance  Subsidiary\'s operations for each such
referenced period.  SCHEDULE 1.4 sets forth certain of the accounting
policies and  practices (including with respect to assumptions, estimations 
methodology and actuarial methodology) used by Seller to prepare the 
December Financial Statements. No material deficiency has been  asserted in
writing by any Governmental Entity with respect to any  Insurance Subsidiary
Statements that has not been addressed to the  satisfaction of such
Governmental Entity. Except as indicated  therein, all assets that are
reflected as admitted assets on the  Insurance Subsidiary Statements comply
in all material respects with  all applicable Laws regulating the business
and products of  insurance with respect to admitted assets, as applicable,
and the  amounts of capital reflected on the Insurance Subsidiary Statement 
of each Insurance Subsidiary are sufficient in nature and amount to  meet all
requirements of applicable Law. The Insurance Subsidiary  Statements comply
in all material respects with all applicable Law.   13    (iii) All
reserves for policyholder liabilities reflected  on the balance sheets of the
Insurance Subsidiary Statements as of  December 31, 2003, (A) were determined
in accordance with actuarial  standards of practice, consistently applied,
(B) were based on  actuarial assumptions that were reasonable in relation to
the  relevant policy and contract provisions and (C) are in compliance  with
SAP in all material respects (it being understood by Parent and  Buyer that
in making the representations and warranties in this  Section 2.7(a)(iii)
Seller and GAC are not representing and  warranting that the reserves
referred to therein or the assets  supporting such reserves have been or will
be sufficient or adequate  for the purposes for which they were established
or that reinsurance  recoverables taken into account in determining the
amount of such  reserves will be collectible). The Insurance Subsidiaries do
not  have any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, 
absolute, contingent, unasserted or otherwise) required by SAP to be 
reflected on a balance sheet or in the notes thereto, except (i) as 
disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the balance sheets  included in
the Insurance Subsidiary Statements, and (ii) for  ordinary course
liabilities and obligations incurred in the ordinary  course of business and
consistent with past practice since December  31, 2003 and not in violation
of this Agreement (it being understood  by Parent and Buyer that in making
the representations and  warranties in this Section 2.7(a)(iii) Seller and
GAC are not  representing and warranting that the reserves referred to
therein or  the assets supporting such reserves have been or will be
sufficient  or adequate for the purposes for which they were established or
that  reinsurance recoverables taken into account in determining the  amount
of such reserves will be collectible).   (iv) Since January 1, 2001, each
Insurance Subsidiary has  had procedures and programs which are reasonably
designed to provide  assurance that its respective agents and employees are
in material  compliance with Law, including without limitation,
advertising,  licensing and sales practices laws, regulations, directives, 
bulletins and opinions of governmental authorities. Seller has no  knowledge
of any material noncompliance with such procedures and  programs.  
14    (v) Each of the Life and Annuity Contracts has been  marketed and sold
by the Insurance Subsidiaries and, to the  knowledge of Seller, marketed and
sold by the independent agents of  the Insurance Subsidiaries, in each case,
in compliance in all  material respects with applicable Law of the respective
jurisdiction  in which such Life and Annuity Contracts have been sold,
including (i)  all applicable prohibitions against "redlining" or withdrawal
of  business lines, (ii) all applicable requirements relating to the 
disclosure of the nature of insurance products as policies of  insurance,
(iii) all applicable requirements relating to insurance  product projections
and illustrations, (iv) all applicable  prohibitions against discrimination
based on factors relating to  race, gender, national origin or similar
distinctions, (v) all  applicable prohibitions against "churning," or other
improper  replacement practices, (vi) all applicable prohibitions against 
"vanishing premium," premium offsets or other under-funding of life 
insurance policies, (vii) all applicable requirements relating to  "Holocaust
victims" and (viii) all other requirements or  prohibitions relating to
unfair trade practices under applicable  Law. Each of the Insurance
Subsidiaries has provided notice and  disclosure, to the extent such notice
and disclosure is required by  applicable Law, to prospective insureds of
situations, if any, in  which premiums are charged (or policy charges are
imposed) from the  date of issue of a Life and Annuity Contract,
notwithstanding that  coverage begins at a later date.   (vi) Since January
1, 2001, each Insurance Subsidiary has  maintained records which in all
material respects accurately reflect  transactions in reasonable detail, and
accounting controls, policies  and procedures reasonably designed to ensure
that such transactions  are recorded in a manner which permits the
preparation of financial  statements in accordance with GAAP and applicable
statutory  accounting requirements.   (vii) Seller has delivered to Buyer a
true and correct  copy of the Investment Guidelines, and since January 1,
2002 the  Investment Portfolio has been invested in compliance in all
material  respects with the Investment Guidelines, as in effect at the time 
any such investment was made.   15    (b) BROKER/DEALER SUBSIDIARIES.
Part 2.7(b) of the Seller  Disclosure Letter sets forth the name of each
Acquired Company that is  registered as a broker or dealer (collectively, the
"BROKER/DEALER  SUBSIDIARIES"). Except as would not reasonably be expected to
result in,  individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
the Acquired  Companies, (i) each of the Acquired Companies and each of its
respective  employees that is required, in order to conduct its business as
it is now  conducted, to be registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-
dealer under  the Exchange Act or, in the case of any employees, is otherwise
required to  be registered, licensed or qualified under the Exchange Act or
NASD  Regulations (which for this purpose shall include the NASD\'s
Membership and  Registration Rules (Rules 1000-1140)) is so registered,
licensed or  qualified (and has been so registered, licensed or qualified at
all times  since January 1, 1999 it has been required under applicable Law to
be so  registered, licensed or qualified), (ii) each Broker/Dealer Subsidiary
is a  member organization in good standing of the NASD, Inc. ("NASD"),
securities  exchanges, commodities exchanges, boards of trade, clearing
organizations,  trade organizations and such other Governmental Entities and
organizations  in which its membership is required in order to conduct its
business as it  is now conducted, (iii) each Broker/Dealer Subsidiary has
timely filed all  registrations, declarations, reports, notices, forms or
other filings  required to be filed with the SEC, NASD, the New York Stock
Exchange or any  other Governmental Entity and all fees and assessments due
and payable in  connection therewith have been paid, (iv) since the later of
its inception  or January 1, 2002, each Broker/Dealer Subsidiary has had net
capital (as  such term is defined in Rule 15c3-1 of the Exchange Act) that
satisfies the  minimum net capital requirements of the Exchange Act and of
the laws of any  jurisdiction in which such Broker/Dealer Subsidiary conducts
business, and  (v) no Broker/Dealer Subsidiary is, nor is any "associated
person" of any  Broker/Dealer Subsidiary, subject to a "statutory
disqualification" (as  such terms are defined in the Exchange Act) or subject
to a  disqualification that would be a basis for censure, limitations on
the  activities, functions or operations of, or suspension or revocation of
the  registration of such Broker/Dealer Subsidiary as a broker-dealer, under
the  Exchange Act and, to the knowledge of Seller and GAC, there is no 
proceeding or investigation pending by any Governmental Entity or  self-
regulatory organization that is reasonably likely to result in any  such
censure, limitations, suspension or revocation.   16    (c) INVESTMENT
ADVISER. Part 2.7(c) of the Seller Disclosure  Letter sets forth the name of
each Acquired Company that is registered as  an "investment adviser" under
the Investment Advisers Act (an "INVESTMENT  ADVISER SUBSIDIARY"). Except as
would not reasonably be expected to result  in, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the  Acquired Companies, (i) each of
the Acquired Companies and each of its  employees that is required, in order
to conduct its business as it is now  conducted, to be registered, licensed
or qualified as an investment adviser  under the Investment Advisers Act is
so registered, licensed or qualified  (and has been so registered, licensed
or qualified at all times since  January 1, 1999 it has been required under
applicable Law to be so  registered, licensed or qualified), (ii) each
"investment adviser  representative" (as defined in the Investment Advisers
Act) of an  Investment Adviser Subsidiary, if any, who is required to be
registered as  such is so registered (and has been so registered, licensed or
qualified at  all times since January 1, 1999 it has been required under
applicable Law  to be so registered, licensed or qualified), (iii) each
Investment Adviser  Subsidiary has timely filed all registrations,
declarations, reports,  notices, forms or other filings required to be filed
with the SEC or any  other Governmental Entity (the "SEC DOCUMENTS"), and as
of their respective  dates, the SEC Documents of each Investment Adviser
Subsidiary complied in  all respects with the requirements of applicable Law
(including the  Securities Laws), and all fees and assessments due and
payable in  connection therewith have been paid, (iv) no Investment Adviser
Subsidiary  or any Person "associated" (as such term is defined in the
Investment  Advisers Act) with any Investment Adviser Subsidiary has been
convicted of  any crime or is subject to any disqualification that would be a
basis for  denial, suspension, or revocation of registration of an investment
adviser  under Section 203(e) of the Investment Advisers Act or Rule
206(4)-4(b)  thereunder and, to the knowledge of Seller, there is no
proceeding or  investigation pending by any Governmental Entity or self-
regulatory  organization that is reasonably likely to result in any such
denial,  suspension or revocation, (v) in the conduct of its business with
respect  to employee benefit plans subject to Title I of ERISA ("ERISA
PLANS"), none  of the Acquired Companies have (A) breached any applicable
fiduciary duty  under Part 4 of Title I of ERISA which would subject it to
liability under  Sections 405 or 409 of ERISA, (B) engaged in a "prohibited
transaction"  within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code  which would subject it to liability or taxes under Sections 409 or
502 of  ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or (C) engaged in any conduct that
could  constitute a crime or violation listed in Section 411 of ERISA that
could  preclude such Person from providing services to any ERISA Plan, and
(vi)  each Investment Adviser Subsidiary and each of its predecessors, if
any,  has at all times rendered investment advisory services to investment 
advisory clients, including the Clients, in compliance with all applicable 
requirements as to portfolio composition and portfolio management including 
the terms of any and all applicable investment advisory agreements, written 
instructions from such investment advisory clients, the organizational 
documents of such investment advisory clients, prospectuses, board of 
director or trustee directives and applicable Law.   17    (d) Except as
would not reasonably be expected to result in,  individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired  Companies, no
Investment Adviser Subsidiary has taken any action that would  (x) prevent
any of the Registered Investment Companies (other than a  Registered Separate
Account) from qualifying as a "regulated investment  company", within the
meaning of Section 851 of the Code, (y) cause any  Client account which is
subject to ERISA to fail to comply with the  applicable requirements of ERISA
or (z) otherwise be inconsistent with any  of the Investment Adviser
Subsidiaries\' prospectus and other offering,  advertising and marketing
materials. The Seller has previously delivered to  the Buyer a complete copy
of each SEC Document filed by each Investment  Adviser Subsidiary from
January 1, 2001 through the date hereof (including  a composite Form ADV as
in effect on the date hereof).   (e) Each Acquired Company that acts as an
investment adviser or  distributor to a Registered Investment Company has
adopted a formal code of  ethics and a written policy regarding insider
trading, a complete and  accurate copy of each of which has been delivered to
Parent and each of  which substantially complies with Law. The policies of
each Investment  Adviser Subsidiary with respect to avoiding conflicts of
interest are as  set forth in its most recent Form ADV thereof, as amended,
copies of which  have been delivered to Parent, and there have been no
material violations  or allegations of violations of such policies that have
occurred or been  made that have not been addressed in accordance with these
procedures.   (f) Each Investment Adviser Subsidiary has at all times 
maintained books and records which accurately reflect transactions in 
reasonable detail, and accounting controls, policies and procedures 
reasonably designed to ensure that such transactions are (i) executed in 
accordance with its management\'s general or specific authorization, as 
applicable, and (ii) recorded in a manner which permits the preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with GAAP and applicable regulatory 
accounting requirements and other account and financial data, including 
performance results, in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, 
and the documentation pertaining thereto is retained, protected and 
duplicated in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, 
including the Investment Advisers Act and the Investment Company Act.  
SECTION 2.8 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS. Since December 31, 2003,
the Acquired Companies have conducted their respective businesses only in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice (except in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby) and have used commercially reasonable
efforts to preserve intact the business organization of the Acquired
Companies and to maintain satisfactory relationships with the customers,
suppliers and employees and others with which the Acquired Companies have
business relationships and, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing:   (a) There have been no changes, effects, events, occurrences
or  developments which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Acquired Companies.   18    (b) None of the Acquired Companies has sold,
assigned,  transferred or conveyed any Proprietary Right.   (c) Except as
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or as  required to ensure that any
Plan is maintained in compliance with  applicable Law or to comply with any
Contract or Other Agreement regarding  Business Employees or Plan entered
into prior to the date hereof (complete  and accurate copies of which have
been heretofore delivered to Buyer), none  of the Acquired Companies has (A)
adopted, entered into, terminated or  amended any collective bargaining
agreement or Plan or any Contract or  Other Agreement with respect to any
current or former employees of an  Acquired Company or any Bank Channel
Employee, (B) increased in any manner  the compensation, bonus or fringe or
other benefits of, or paid any bonus  of any kind or amount whatsoever to,
any current or former Business  Employee, except for any planned salary
increases and payment of bonuses,  each as described in Part 2.8(c) of the
Seller Disclosure Letter, (C) paid  any benefit or amount not required under
any Plan or Contract or Other  Agreement as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, other than as  contemplated in the foregoing clause (B), (D)
except in the ordinary course  of business consistent with past practice,
granted or paid any severance or  termination pay or increase in any manner
the severance or termination pay  of any current or former employees of an
Acquired Company or any Bank  Channel Employee, (E) granted any awards under
any bonus, incentive,  performance or other Plan, Contract or Other Agreement
or otherwise, other  than as contemplated in the foregoing clause (B), (F)
taken any action to  fund or in any other way secure the payment of
compensation or benefits  under any Plan or Contract or Other Agreement, (G)
taken any action to  accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation or
benefit under any  Plan or Contract or Other Agreement or (H) materially
changed any actuarial  or other assumption used to calculate funding
obligations with respect to  any Acquired Company Plan or changed the manner
in which contributions to  any Acquired Company Plan are made or the basis on
which such contributions  are determined.   (d) No Acquired Company has
effected any amendment or  modification to its Constituent Documents.   (e)
None of the Acquired Companies has made any material change  in its fiscal
year, accounting methods or principles used for GAAP or  statutory reporting
purposes, except for changes which are required by Law,  SAP or GAAP of all
enterprises in the same business.   (f) Except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with  past practice, no Acquired Company has made any
material change, and  neither Seller, GAC nor any Acquired Company has
permitted any of the  Insurance Subsidiaries to make any material change, in
its underwriting or  claims management practices, pricing practices,
reserving practices,  reinsurance practices, marketing practices or
investment policies or  practices or Investment Guidelines, except in each
case as required by Law.   (g) None of the Acquired Companies has made any
new material Tax  election or any settlement or compromise of any material
income Tax  liability.   19    (h) No Acquired Company has revalued any
properties or assets,  including writing off notes or accounts receivable,
other than in the  ordinary course of the business of the applicable Acquired
Company, or as  required by applicable Law, SAP or GAAP.   (i) The
investments of the Acquired Companies have been  maintained, and no sales or
other dispositions of investments have been  effected, other than in
accordance with the Investment Guidelines and in  the ordinary course of
business.   (j) The Seller has not taken or failed to take any action or 
permitted any Acquired Company to take or fail to take any action, in each 
case for the purpose of either (i) shifting statutory income or surplus  from
the period following June 30, 2004 to the period preceding June 30,  2004 or
(ii) increasing statutory income or surplus with the intent of  increasing
the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value or increasing the Closing 
Consideration to the detriment of Buyer and Parent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that 
Parent and Buyer agree that any action taken by Seller, to the extent 
necessary to ensure that an independent auditor\'s opinion will be 
unqualified after an issue as to ability to give an unqualified opinion is 
raised by such auditor, shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section 
2.8(j).   (k) No Acquired Company has launched or introduced any material 
new product or service.   SECTION 2.9 LITIGATION, JUDGMENTS, NO DEFAULT,
ETC. There is no suit, action or proceeding (collectively, "PROCEEDING")
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened in writing since January
1, 2001, to which any of the Acquired Companies or any Registered Investment
Company or Registered Separate Account is a party and which (i) relate to or
involve a claim for specified damages of more than $1,000,000, (ii) relate to
or involve any class action claims, (iii) seek any material injunctive relief
or (iv) would reasonably be expected to give rise to any legal restraint on
or prohibition against the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. There
is no Proceeding or claim by any of the Acquired Companies pending, or which
the Seller or a Subsidiary intends to initiate on behalf of any Acquired
Company, against any other Person. To the knowledge of Seller, there is no
pending or threatened investigation of any of the Acquired Companies or any
Registered Investment Company or Registered Separate Account by any
Governmental Entity. To the knowledge of Seller, there is no judgment,
decree, injunction (preliminary or otherwise), rule or order (collectively
"ORDERS") of any arbitrator or Governmental Entity outstanding against any of
the Acquired Companies, any Registered Investment Company or any Registered
Separate Account.   SECTION 2.10 COMPLIANCE; MATERIAL CONTRACTS.   (a) No
Acquired Company is in violation, breach or default of  any term, condition
or provision of its Constituent Documents.   20    (b) None of the
Acquired Companies or, to the knowledge of  Seller, any other party thereto,
is in violation of or in breach or default  under (nor, to the knowledge of
Seller, does there exist any condition  which upon the passage of time or the
giving of notice or both would cause  such a violation of or breach or
default under) any Material Contract (as  defined below) to which any
Acquired Company is a party or by which any of  them or any portion of their
respective properties or other assets may be  bound, except for violations,
breaches or defaults that, individually or in  the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect on the
Acquired Companies. Other than Related Contracts,  none of the Acquired
Companies has entered into any Contract or Other  Agreement with any
Affiliate of the Seller (other than another Acquired  Company) that is in
effect. Part 2.10(b) of the Seller Disclosure Letter  sets forth a true and
complete list of each Contract or Other Agreement  (other than a Life and
Annuity Contract or Related Contract entered into in  the ordinary course of
business) to which any Acquired Company is a party,  or by which any of them
or any portion of their respective properties or  other assets may be bound,
and that is of a nature described below in this  Section 2.10(b) (each, a
"MATERIAL CONTRACT"):   (i) an employment contract (whether oral or
written)  that has an aggregate future liability in excess of $100,000 and
is  not terminable by such Acquired Company by notice of not more than  60
days for a cost of less than $50,000;   (ii) a Contract or Other Agreement
(x) containing a  provision limiting the ability of any Acquired Company to
engage in  any line of insurance or asset management in any geographical
area  or to compete with any Person, or (y) providing for "exclusivity" as 
a result of which any Acquired Company is restricted with respect to 
distribution and marketing;   (iii) a (A) management, service, consulting or
other  similar type of contract or (B) advertising agreement or 
arrangement, in any such case which has an aggregate future  liability to any
person (other than another Acquired Company) in  excess of $250,000 and is
not terminable by such Acquired Company by  notice of not more than 60 days
for a cost of less than $125,000;   (iv) a material license, option or other
agreement  relating in whole or in part to any Proprietary Rights described
in  Section 2.14 (including any license or other agreement under which  any
Acquired Company is licensee or licensor of any such Proprietary  Right);  
(v) a Contract or Other Agreement under which any  Acquired Company has
borrowed any money from, or issued any note,  bond, debenture or other
evidence of indebtedness to, any Person, or  any other note, bond, debenture
or other evidence of indebtedness  issued to any Person, in any such case
which, individually, is in  excess of $1,000,000;   21    (vi) a
Contract or Other Agreement under which (A) any  Person has directly or
indirectly guaranteed indebtedness,  liabilities or obligations of such
Acquired Company or (B) any  Acquired Company has directly or indirectly
guaranteed indebtedness,  liabilities or obligations of any Person (in each
case other than  endorsements for the purpose of collection in the ordinary
course of  business), in any such case which, individually, is in excess of 
$1,000,000;   (vii) a Contract or Other Agreement under which such 
Acquired Company has made any advance, loan, extension of credit or  capital
contribution to, or other investment in, any Person, in any  such case which,
individually, is in excess of $1,000,000;   (viii) a Contract or Other
Agreement providing for  indemnification outside of the ordinary course of
business of any  Person with respect to liabilities relating to any current
or former  business of any Acquired Company or any predecessor to an
Acquired  Company;   (ix) a Contract or Other Agreement with any Person
(other  than an Acquired Company) to which a Broker/Dealer Subsidiary is a 
party and pursuant to which such Broker/Dealer Subsidiary acts as a 
placement agent for securities;   (x) a Contract or Other Agreement by or to
which any  Acquired Company or any of an Acquired Companies\' assets or
business  is bound or subject which has an aggregate future liability to
any  Person (other than another Acquired Company) in excess of $1,000,000 
and is not terminable by such Acquired Company by notice of not more  than 60
days for a cost of less than $500,000;   (xi) a Contract or Other Agreement
preventing the  solicitation for employment of third parties by the
applicable  Acquired Company;   (xii) a "standstill" Contract or Other
Agreement  prohibiting an Acquired Company from acquiring the assets or 
securities of any person;   (xiii) a partnership, joint venture,
shareholders or other  similar Contract or Other Agreement with any Person;
or   (xiv) a Contract or Other Agreement relating to the future 
disposition or acquisition of any investment in any person or of any 
interest in any business enterprise (other than the disposition or 
acquisition of investments in the ordinary course of the business of  the
applicable Acquired Company, including the disposition or  acquisition of
investments forming part of the Investment  Portfolio), or requiring an
Acquired Company to purchase any  security (other than the disposition or
acquisition of investments  in the ordinary course of business of the
applicable Acquired  Company, including the disposition or acquisition of
investments  forming part of the Investment Portfolio).   22    SECTION
2.11 FINDERS AND INVESTMENT BANKERS. Neither Seller nor any Acquired Company
nor any of their respective officers, directors or Affiliates has employed
any investment banker, financial advisor, broker or finder in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for Goldman, Sachs and
Co. ("GOLDMAN SACHS") and Milliman USA, Inc. ("MILLIMAN"), or incurred any
liability for any investment banking, business consultancy, financial
advisory, brokerage or finders\' fees or commissions in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, except for fees payable to Goldman
Sachs and Milliman, all of which fees have been or will be paid by Seller
in accordance with the agreements between Seller and Goldman Sachs and Seller
and Milliman.   SECTION 2.12 COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS. No Acquired
Company is a party to or subject to any collective bargaining agreement with
any labor union. To the knowledge of Seller, no union organization campaign
is in progress with respect to the Business Employees. There are no labor
controversies pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened in writing
against any Acquired Company which, individually or in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired
Companies. There are not any pending charges against Seller (relating to any
of the Acquired Companies, any of their current or former employees or the
Bank Channel Employees), any Acquired Company or any current or former
employees of Seller or any Acquired Company by any Governmental Entity
responsible for the prevention of unlawful employment practices, and none of
Seller or any Acquired Company has received written communication during the
past three years of the intent of any Governmental Entity responsible for the
enforcement of labor or employment laws to conduct an investigation of or
affecting any Acquired Company and, to the knowledge of Seller, no such
investigation is in progress.   SECTION 2.13 INSURANCE. Seller carries
insurance with respect to the Acquired Companies with insurers that, to the
knowledge of Seller, are solvent, in amount and types of coverage which are
customary in the industry and against risks and losses which are usually
insured against by persons holding or operating similar properties and
similar businesses. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result,
individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect on the
Acquired Companies, all such policies are in full force and effect, all
premiums due and payable thereon have been paid (other than retroactive or
retrospective premium adjustments that are not yet, but may be, required to
be paid with respect to any period ending prior to the Closing Date), and no
notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to any
such policy which has not been replaced on substantially similar terms prior
to the date of such cancellation. To the knowledge of Seller, the business of
the Acquired Companies has been conducted in a manner so as to conform in all
material respects to all applicable provisions of such insurance policies. No
material claims have been asserted under any of such insurance policies or
relating to the properties, assets or operations of the Acquired Companies
since January 1, 2002.   SECTION 2.14 PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.   23    (a)
The Acquired Company Proprietary Rights, together with the  intellectual
property being licensed under each of the Transitional  Trademark License,
the Buyer Intellectual Property License and the IP Side  Letters, will
immediately after the Closing be sufficient to conduct the  business of the
Acquired Companies as it is now being conducted. Part  2.14(a) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list  of all material
unregistered and unpatented Acquired Company Proprietary  Rights. With
respect to all Acquired Company Proprietary Rights that are  registered or
subject to an application for registration in the United  States, Part
2.14(a) of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of  all registered
Acquired Company Proprietary Rights and a list of all  jurisdictions in which
such Proprietary Rights are registered or  registrations applied for and all
registration and application numbers. All  the material Acquired Company
Proprietary Rights have been duly registered  in, filed in or issued by the
appropriate Governmental Entity where such  registration, filing or issuance
is necessary for the conduct of the  business of the Acquired Companies as it
is presently conducted. The  Acquired Companies are the owners of, and, to
the knowledge of Seller, have  the right to use, execute, reproduce, display,
perform, modify, enhance,  distribute, prepare derivative works of and
sublicense, without payment to  any other Person, all the Acquired Company
Proprietary Rights, and the  consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby does not and will not  conflict with, alter or impair any such rights,
and since January 1, 2002  neither Seller nor any Acquired Company has
received any written  communication from any Person asserting any ownership
interest in any  Acquired Company Proprietary Rights. Neither Seller nor any
Acquired  Company has granted any license of any kind relating to any
Acquired  Company Proprietary Rights (other than to an Acquired Company).  
(b) To the knowledge of Seller, the operations of the Acquired  Companies do
not violate, conflict with or infringe and, to the knowledge  of Seller,
since January 1, 2002, no Person has asserted in writing to the  Acquired
Companies that such operations violate, conflict with or infringe  any
patents, copyrights or trademarks owned by any third party. To the  knowledge
of Seller, there are no third parties whose operations infringe  nor has
anyone asserted in writing that such operations conflict with or  infringe,
any Acquired Company Proprietary Rights.   SECTION 2.15 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW.
The businesses of the Acquired Companies have been conducted in compliance
with all Laws applicable to the Acquired Companies, except for instances of
non-compliance which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies.
None of the Acquired Companies or any Registered Investment Company or
Registered Separate Account has received any written notice of any alleged
violation of Law from a Governmental Entity since January 1, 2002 (other than
written notices which have been cured or otherwise remedied), and there are
no pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened hearings or
investigations with respect to any such violation. To the knowledge of the
Seller, there is no unresolved violation or exception by any
Governmental Entity with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examination of any Acquired Company or any Registered Investment Company or
Registered Separate Account. This Section 2.15 does not relate to matters
covered by Section 2.17, Section 2.18, Section 2.19 or Section 2.20.  
24    SECTION 2.16 REAL PROPERTY.   (a) Each of the Acquired Companies
has good, clear and  marketable fee title to the real property listed on Part
2.16(a) of the  Seller Disclosure Letter, free and clear of all Liens except
(i) taxes not  yet due and (ii) such imperfections or irregularities of title
or other  Liens as do not and would not reasonably be expected to materially
affect  the use of the real property subject thereto or affected thereby or 
otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties.   (b)
Part 2.16(b) of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets forth the  address of each
material parcel of property leased or subleased by an  Acquired Company
(each, a "LEASED PROPERTY"), and a true and complete list  of all leases for
each such Leased Property (each, a "LEASE") (including  the date and name of
the parties to such Lease). With respect to each of  the Leases:   (i) such
Lease is valid and in full force and effect;   (ii) to the knowledge of
Seller, the transactions  contemplated in this Agreement do not require the
consent of any  other party to a Lease, an assignment of Lease or a
sublease;   (iii) to the knowledge of Seller, (A) the Acquired Company  or
any other party to the Lease is not in breach or default under  such Lease,
and (B) no event has occurred or circumstance exists  which, with the
delivery of notice, the passage of time or both,  would constitute such a
breach or default, or permit the  termination, modification or acceleration
of rent under such Lease;   (iv) to the knowledge of Seller, the Acquired
Company has  not subleased, licensed or otherwise granted anyone the right to
use  or occupy such Leased Property or any portion thereof; and   (v) to
the knowledge of Seller, the Acquired Company has  not collaterally assigned
or granted any other security interest in  such Lease or any interest
therein.   (c) The Leased Properties comprise all of the real property
used  in the business of the Acquired Companies as currently conducted.  
SECTION 2.17 LICENSES AND PERMITS.   25    (a) Except as otherwise
expressly addressed in Section 2.7, the  Acquired Companies and each
Registered Investment Company and Registered  Separate Account have obtained,
and are and have at all times since January  1, 2002 been in compliance in
all respects with, all necessary licenses,  permits, consents, approvals,
orders, certificates, authorizations,  declarations and filings required by
all Governmental Entities for the  conduct of the businesses and operations
of the Acquired Companies as now  conducted (collectively, the "REQUIRED
LICENSES"), except where the failure  to have obtained or complied with any
such Required Licenses, individually  or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a  Material Adverse Effect on the
Acquired Companies.   (b) Part 2.17(b) of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets
forth a  list of all Required Licenses. Since January 1, 2002, Seller has
not  received written notice of any Proceedings relating to the revocation
or  modification of any Required Licenses the loss of which, individually or
in  the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse  Effect on the Acquired Companies. To the knowledge of Seller, and
except  for the "relicensing" requirements in the states identified on Part
2.17(b)  of the Seller Disclosure Letter and any similar requirements in
other  states that may be triggered by the change in control of the
Insurance  Subsidiaries but do not require the approval of any Governmental
Entity  sooner than 90 days following the Closing, none of the Required
Licenses  will be subject to suspension, modification, revocation or
nonrenewal as a  result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
the other  Transaction Documents or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby or thereby.   SECTION 2.18 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.
Except for such matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired
Companies:   (a) each of the Acquired Companies is, and has been,
in compliance with all Environmental Laws, and none of the Acquired Companies
has received any communication that alleges that any of the Acquired
Companies are in violation of, or have liability under, any Environmental
Law;   (b) each of the Acquired Companies has obtained and is in compliance
with all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations as currently
conducted;   (c) there are no Environmental Claims pending or, to
the knowledge of Seller, threatened in writing, against any of the
Acquired Companies;   (d) there have been no releases of any Hazardous
Material that would reasonably be expected to form the basis of any
Environmental Claim against any of the Acquired Companies or against any
Person whose liabilities for such Environmental Claims any of the Acquired
Companies have, or may have, retained or assumed, either contractually or by
operation of law; and   (e) (i) none of the Acquired Companies has retained
or assumed, either contractually or by operation of law, any liabilities or
obligations that could reasonably be   26   expected to form the basis
of any Environmental Claim against any of the Acquired Companies and (ii) to
the knowledge of Seller, no Environmental Claims are pending against any
Person whose liabilities for such Environmental Claims any of the Acquired
Companies have, or may have, retained or assumed, either contractually or by
operation of law.   SECTION 2.19 TAX RETURNS AND TAX PAYMENTS.   (a)
Seller has timely filed all U.S. federal income Tax Returns  and Combined
Returns and each of the Acquired Companies has timely filed  all other Tax
Returns required to be filed by them for taxable periods  prior to the
Closing Date, except, as to such Tax Returns, to the extent  that any failure
to have filed, individually or in the aggregate, would not  reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the  Acquired Companies,
and all such Tax Returns were true and correct in all  material respects.
Seller and the Acquired Companies have paid all Taxes  shown to be due on
such Tax Returns and all other Taxes otherwise due,  except to the extent
that any failure so to pay, individually or in the  aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse  Effect on the
Acquired Companies. The unpaid Taxes of the Acquired  Companies (i) did not,
as of December 31, 2003, exceed the reserve for Tax  liability set forth on
the face of the December 31, 2003 balance sheet  included within the December
Financial Statements and the December 31, 2003  combined balance sheet
included within the Non-Insurance Financial  Statements and (ii) will not
exceed such reserve as adjusted for operations  through the Closing Date,
except to the extent that any failure to reserve,  individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to  result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Acquired Companies. Subject to  Section 4.8(c), the reserve for
Tax liability will be prepared in  accordance with the past custom and
practice of the Acquired Companies in  filing their Tax Returns. The reserve
for Taxes for federal income Taxes  and state income Taxes for Combined
Returns on the December 31, 2003  balance sheet included within the December
Financial Statements and the  December 31, 2003 combined balance sheet
included within the Non-Insurance  Financial Statements will be settled prior
to the Closing Date pursuant to  Section 4.13 or otherwise.   (b) No claim
for unpaid Taxes in writing by a Tax authority has  been asserted against
Seller or any Acquired Company and no written notice  of audit by a Tax
authority has been received by Seller, which, if resolved  unfavorably,
individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected  to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies. No audit  or examination
of any Acquired Company is being conducted by a Tax  authority, which, if
resolved unfavorably, individually or in the  aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse  Effect on the Acquired Companies.
No extension of the statute of  limitations is in effect on the assessment of
any Taxes of the Acquired  Companies. None of the Acquired Companies is or
has been during any year  for which the applicable statute of limitations
with respect to the payment  of federal income Taxes has not yet expired, a
member of an affiliated  group of corporations within the meaning of Section
1504 of the Code other  than an affiliated group the common parent of which
is or was Seller or has  any liability resulting from Taxes of any Person
other than the Acquired  Companies under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6
(or any similar  provision of state, local or foreign Law).   27    (c)
Seller is not a "foreign person" within the meaning of  Section 1445 of the
Code.   (d) Each of the Acquired Companies has complied with all 
applicable laws relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes (i) 
pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code or similar 
provisions under any state, local or foreign laws) and (ii) with respect to 
any Policy under Sections 3405, 6047(a) and 6047(d)(1)(B) of the Code or 
similar provisions under any state, local or foreign laws, except to the 
extent that any failure to have paid or withheld, individually or in the 
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect on the Acquired Companies and has, within the time and manner 
prescribed by law, withheld from and paid over to the proper authorities  all
amounts required to be so withheld and paid over under applicable laws.  
(e) None of the Acquired Companies shall be required to include  in a Tax
period ending after the Closing Date taxable income attributable  to income
that accrued in a prior Tax period but was not recognized in any  prior Tax
period as a result of the installment method of accounting, the  long-term
contract method of accounting, the cash method of accounting or  Section 481
of the Code or comparable provisions of state, local or foreign  Tax law.  
(f) No material liens for Taxes exist with respect to any of the  assets or
properties of the Acquired Companies except for statutory liens  for Taxes
not yet due or payable.   (g) Each deficiency resulting from any closed
audit or  examination relating to Taxes of the Seller and the Acquired
Companies has  been timely paid, except to the extent that any failure to
have paid,  individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to  result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired
Companies.   28    (h) Except as otherwise provided in this Section
2.19(h), each  reserve item with respect to the Insurance Subsidiaries, in
all material  respects, was determined correctly in accordance with the
requirements of  Sections 807, 811 and 846 of the Code for any tax returns in
which any of  them were included for the taxable periods ended December 31,
2001 and  December 31, 2002, has been consistently and correctly applied with
respect  to the filing of all tax returns including any of them for all
taxable  years for which the applicable statute of limitations has not
expired, and  will be consistently and correctly applied with respect to the
filing of  any tax returns in which any of them will be included for the
taxable  period ended December 31, 2003 and the taxable period from January
1, 2004  through the Closing Date when such tax returns are filed (it being 
understood by Parent and Buyer that in making the representations and 
warranties in this Section 2.19(h), Seller and GAC are not representing and 
warranting that the reserves referred to therein or the assets supporting 
such reserves have been or will be sufficient or adequate for the purpose 
for which they were established or that reinsurance receivables taken into 
account in determining the amount of such reserves will be collectible). No 
representation or warranty is made in this Section 2.19(h) with respect to 
reserve items in connection with the implementation of 2001 CSO reserving 
methodology.   (i) No Insurance Subsidiary has agreed, or is required to
make,  any adjustment under Section 807(f) of the Code.   (j) Each
Insurance Subsidiary is and has been taxable as a life  insurance company
within the meaning of Section 816 of the Code for the  taxable period ending
on or including the Closing date and for all prior  taxable periods for which
the statute of limitations has not expired.   (k) Set forth on Part 2.19(k)
of the Seller Disclosure Letter is  the policyholders surplus account and the
shareholders surplus account (as  defined in Section 815 of the Code) for
each Insurance Subsidiary as of  December 31, 2002 as reported on Seller\'s
consolidated federal income Tax  Return for the taxable year ending on
December 31, 2002, which surplus  accounts were materially correct as of the
date such Tax Returns was filed.   (l) All tax sharing agreements to which
the Acquired Companies  are parties or by which the Acquired Companies are
bound will be terminated  before closing. None of the Acquired Companies is
party to or bound by any  written, tax indemnity obligation.   SECTION 2.20
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.   29    (a) Part 2.20(a)(i) of the Seller
Disclosure Letter sets forth a  true and correct list of each bonus, pension,
profit sharing, deferred  compensation, incentive compensation, stock
ownership, stock purchase,  stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock
option, phantom stock,  performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock
bonus, cafeteria, paid time  off, perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation,
severance, termination,  retention, change of control, disability, death
benefit, hospitalization,  medical or other welfare benefit or other plan,
program, arrangement or  understanding, whether oral or written, formal or
informal, funded or  unfunded (whether or not legally binding), including,
without limitation,  each "employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA,  whether or not subject to ERISA) (a "PENSION PLAN")
and "employee welfare  benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA,
whether or not subject  to ERISA) (a "WELFARE PLAN"), whether or not subject
to the United States  law, in each case maintained or contributed to, or
required to be  maintained or contributed to, by Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries or any  other person or entity that, together with Seller, is or
was treated as a  single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of
the Code (each,  together with Seller, a "COMMONLY CONTROLLED ENTITY")
providing  compensation or benefits to any current or former employees of an
Acquired  Company or any Bank Channel Employee (each such plan, a "PLAN"
and,  collectively, the "PLANS") that is a material Plan, other than the
Acquired  Company Plans. Part 2.20(a)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure Letter
sets forth  a true and correct list of each Acquired Company Plan. With
respect to each  Acquired Company Plan and other material Plan, Seller has
delivered to  Parent complete and correct copies of such Plan (or a
description of such  Plan if not written). To the extent applicable to an
Acquired Company Plan,  Seller has delivered to Buyer complete and correct
copies of all trust  agreements, insurance contracts or other funding
agreements or  arrangements, the three most recent actuarial and trust
reports, the three  most recent Form 5500s required to have been filed with
the IRS and all  schedules thereto, the most recent IRS determination letter,
all current  summary plan descriptions, and any and all amendments to any
such document.  To the knowledge of Seller, each item described in the
immediately  preceding sentence was as of its date and is true and correct in
all  material respects.   (b) Each Plan intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of  the Code, and the trust (if any) forming a part thereof,
has received a  favorable determination letter from the IRS with respect to
all tax law  changes through the Economic Growth and Tax Relief
Reconciliation Act of  2001 as to its qualification under the Code and to the
effect that each  such trust is exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of
the Code. No  such determination letter has been revoked, and, to the
knowledge of  Seller, revocation has not been threatened. No event has
occurred and no  circumstances exist that would (i) be reasonably likely to
adversely affect  (x) such qualification or tax-exempt status in form or
operation or (y) the  tax-qualification of such Plan, or (ii) materially
increase its cost or  require security under Section 307 of ERISA.  
30    (c) Each of the Acquired Company Plans has been operated and 
administered in compliance in all material respects with its terms. Each 
Acquired Company and all the Acquired Company Plans are in compliance in  all
material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and  all
other Applicable Laws. All contributions required to be made to any  Acquired
Company Plan have been timely made or properly accrued on the  Non-Insurance
Financial Statements or the Insurance Subsidiary Statements.  There are no
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened  investigations by any
Governmental Entity, termination proceedings or other  claims (except routine
claims for benefits payable under the Plans) by or  on behalf of any employee
or beneficiary under any Acquired Company Plan,  or otherwise involving any
such Acquired Company Plan or the assets of any  Acquired Company Plan and
there are not any facts or circumstances that  could give rise to any
material liability in the event of any such  investigation, claim or
proceeding. All reports, returns and similar  documents with respect to the
Acquired Company Plans required to be filed  with any Governmental Entity or
distributed to any Acquired Company Plan  participant have been duly and
timely filed or distributed and all reports,  returns and similar documents
actually filed or distributed were true and  correct in all material
respects.   (d) Except as expressly provided in Section 4.6, with respect
to  any Plan (other than any Acquired Company Plan), there is no liability 
which could reasonably be expected to become a liability of Parent, Buyer 
and its Subsidiaries (including the Acquired Companies) following the 
Closing. No Commonly Controlled Entity has (i) engaged in a transaction 
described in Section 4069 of ERISA that could subject Parent, Buyer or any 
of its Subsidiaries (including each Acquired Company) to liability at any 
time after the date hereof or (ii) acted in a manner that could, or failed 
to act so as to, result in material fines, penalties, taxes or related 
charges under (x) Section 502(c), (i) or (1) of ERISA, (y) Section 4071 of 
ERISA or (z) Chapter 43 of the Code.   (e) No amount or other entitlement or
economic benefit that  could be received (whether in cash or property or the
vesting of property)  as a result of the execution or delivery of this
Agreement or any of the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement (alone
or in combination with  any other event, including termination of employment)
by any current or  former employees of an Acquired Company or any Bank
Channel Employee who is  a "disqualified individual" (as such term is defined
in Treasury Regulation  Section 1.280G-1) under any Plan or Contract or Other
Agreement or  otherwise would be characterized as an "excess parachute
payment" (as such  term is defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code) and no
such disqualified  individual is entitled to receive any additional payment
from an Acquired  Company in the event that the excise tax required by
Section 4999(a) of the  Code is imposed.   (f) No Acquired Company Plan (i)
is subject to Title IV or Part  3 of Title I of ERISA or Section 412 of the
Code or (ii) is a multiemployer  plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA (a "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN"),  and no employee benefit plan (that would be
treated as an Acquired Company  Plan if it were still in existence) described
in the immediately preceding  clause (i) or (ii) has been terminated within
the six years prior to the  date hereof, the liabilities of which have not
been satisfied in full.   31    (g) With respect to each Plan that is
subject to Title IV or  Part 3 of Title I of ERISA or Section 412 of the
Code: (i) no reportable  event (within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA,
other than an event for  which the reporting requirements have been waived by
regulations) has  occurred in the six (6) years prior to the date hereof or
is expected to  occur on or prior to the Closing; (ii) there has been no
application for  waiver and has been no accumulated funding deficiency
(within the meaning  of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code),
whether or not waived,  as of the most recently ended plan year of such Plan;
(iii) no Commonly  Controlled Entity has been required to provide security
under Section  401(a)(29) of the Code; (iv) all premiums (and interest
charges and  penalties for late payment, if applicable) have been paid when
due to the  Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC"); and (v) no filing
has been  made with the PBGC and no proceeding has been commenced by the PBGC
to  terminate any Plan and no condition exists which could constitute
grounds  for the termination of any such Plan by the PBGC.   (h) No
Acquired Company has any unsatisfied actual or contingent  liability under
Title IV of ERISA for any employee benefit plan that is not  a Plan.   (i)
No "prohibited transaction" (as defined in Section 4975 of  the Code or
Section 406 of ERISA) has occurred that involves the assets of  any Acquired
Company Plan that could subject any Acquired Company or any of  its
Subsidiaries, any of their employees, or, to the knowledge of Seller, a 
trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of any trust created under any 
Acquired Company Plan to the tax or sanctions on prohibited transactions 
imposed by Section 4975 of the Code or Title I of ERISA; no Acquired  Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their employees, or, to the  knowledge of
Seller, a trustee, administrator or other fiduciary of any  Acquired Company
Plan or any agent of any of the foregoing has engaged in  any transaction or
acted in a manner that could, or has failed to act so as  to, subject any
Acquired Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their  employees or any
trustee, administrator or other fiduciary to any liability  for breach of
fiduciary duty under ERISA or any other applicable Law.   (j) No Acquired
Company Plan that is a Welfare Plan provides  benefits after termination of
employment except where the cost thereof is  borne entirely by the former
employee (or his or her eligible dependents or  beneficiaries) or as required
by Section 4980B(f) of the Code or any  similar statute.   32    (k) No
current or former employee of any Acquired Company or any  Bank Channel
Employees will be entitled to any additional compensation,  severance or
other benefits or any acceleration of the time of payment or  vesting of any
compensation or benefits under any Plan or Contract or Other  Agreement as a
result of the transactions contemplated hereby (alone or in  combination with
any other event) or any compensation or benefits under any  Plan or Contract
or Other Agreement the value of which will be calculated  on the basis of any
of the transactions contemplated hereby (alone or in  combination with any
other event), except as expressly provided in this  Agreement. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the other  Transaction Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated  hereby and thereby (alone or
in combination with any other event) and  compliance with the provisions of
this Agreement and the other Transaction  Documents do not and will not
require the funding (whether through a  grantor trust or otherwise) of, or
increase the cost of, any Plan or  Contract and Other Agreement or any other
employment arrangement.   (l) No Acquired Company has any material liability
or  obligations, including under or on account of a Plan or Contract or
Other  Agreement, arising out of the hiring of persons to provide services
and  treating such persons as consultants or independent contractors and not
as  employees.   SECTION 2.21 INVESTMENT ADVISORY ACTIVITIES.   (a)
ADVISORY AGREEMENTS, INVESTMENT COMPANIES AND OTHER CLIENTS.   (i) Part
2.21(a)(i) of the Seller Disclosure Letter sets  forth a list, as of December
31, 2003, of each Client with an  account of greater than $1,000,000 of each
Investment Advisor  Subsidiary and shows for each such Client the aggregate
amount of  assets under management with Safeco Asset Management Company as
of  such date.   (ii) Seller has previously delivered to Parent copies of 
each Advisory Agreement with any of the Clients listed on Part  2.21(a)(i) of
the Seller Disclosure Letter, such Advisory Agreements  being referred to
herein as the "CLIENT CONTRACTS"; provided that,  for purposes of clauses
(iii) and (iv) below, "Client Contracts"  shall include all Advisory
Agreements, regardless of the size of any  related account. Since January 1,
2003, none of the Investment  Adviser Subsidiaries has received and none is
aware of any written  demands or formal requests for reductions in the fee
rates, waivers  of fees or other reductions in the amounts payable under the
Client  Contracts.   33    (iii) Each Client Contract and any subsequent
renewal has  been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Investment 
Adviser Subsidiary party thereto and, to the knowledge of Seller,  each other
party thereto, and is a valid and legally binding  agreement, enforceable
against such Investment Adviser Subsidiary  and, to the knowledge of Seller,
each other party thereto, subject  to (i) the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating
to or affecting  creditors\' rights and remedies generally, and (ii) the
effect of  equitable principles (regardless of whether enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).   (iv) Each Investment
Adviser Subsidiary and, to the  knowledge of Seller, each other party
thereto, is in substantial  compliance with the terms of each Client Contract
to which it is a  party, and is not in default under any of the terms of any
such  Client Contract, except where such default would not reasonably be 
expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material  Adverse
Effect on the Acquired Companies; there does not exist under  any Client
Contract any event or condition that, after notice or  lapse of time or both,
would constitute an event of default  thereunder on the part of the
Investment Adviser Subsidiary in  question, or, to the knowledge of Seller,
any other party thereto,  except, in each case, where such event or condition
would not  reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies.   (b)
REGISTERED INVESTMENT COMPANIES.   (i) Each Registered Investment Company
is, and at all  times required under the Securities Laws has been, duly
registered  with the SEC as an investment company under the Investment
Company  Act. Since January 1, 1999, each Registered Investment Company has 
continuously been (A) in substantial compliance with (w) the terms  and
conditions of its Constituent Documents, (x) the Securities Laws  and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (y) its  investment policies
and investment restrictions set forth in its  registration statement as from
time to time in effect and (z) the  laws of its jurisdiction of formation and
of each jurisdiction in  which shares of such Registered Investment Company
have been offered  for sale or sold, and (B) duly registered or licensed and
in good  standing under the laws of each jurisdiction in which
qualification  is necessary. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, each  Registered Investment Company has maintained its records
in  compliance in all material respects with each of the Investment  Company
Act, the Investment Advisers Act and the rules of the  National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc., including records  necessary to substantiate the
performance of the Registered  Investment Company set forth in such
Registered Investment Company\'s  registration statements as from time to
time in effect. There are no  special restrictions, consent judgments or SEC
or judicial orders on  or against or with regard to any Registered Investment
Company in  effect, except for exemptive orders issued pursuant to Section
6(c)  of the Investment Company Act listed on Part 2.21(b)(i) of the  Seller
Disclosure Letter.   34    (ii) Seller has delivered to Parent copies of
the audited  financial statements for each of the Registered Investment
Companies  for their fiscal year ending in 2002, and will deliver to Parent 
copies of any interim financial statements (whether quarterly,  semi-annual
or annual) prepared in the ordinary course for periods  ending after the date
hereof and before the Closing Date promptly  upon such financial statements
becoming available (the "INVESTMENT  COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS"). Each
Investment Company Financial  Statement is consistent with the books and
records of such  Registered Investment Company, and has been prepared in
accordance  with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods 
presented in such Investment Company Financial Statement, subject,  in the
case of interim unaudited Investment Company Financial  Statements, only to
normal recurring year-end adjustments. The  minute books of each Registered
Investment Company accurately record  all material corporate action taken by
its shareholders and trustees  and committees and true, correct and complete
copies of such  documents with respect to meetings occurring after January 1,
2001,  have been delivered to Buyer.   (iii) (A) Seller has delivered to
Parent copies of each  Advisory Agreement in effect on the date hereof
between Safeco Asset  Management Company and each Registered Investment
Company; (B) each  such Advisory Agreement and any subsequent renewal has
been duly  authorized, executed and delivered by Safeco Asset Management 
Company, and, to the knowledge of Seller, the Registered Investment  Company
party thereto; and is a valid and legally binding agreement,  enforceable
against Safeco Asset Management Company and, to the  knowledge of Seller,
each other party thereto (subject to (i) the  effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium and similar laws relating
to or affecting creditors\'  rights and remedies generally, and (ii) the
effect of equitable  principles (regardless of whether enforceability is
considered in a  proceeding in equity or at law)); and (C) in the case of
each  Advisory Agreement with a Registered Investment Company has been 
adopted in compliance with Section 15 of the Investment Company Act,  and if
applicable, Rule 12b-1 thereunder.   35    (iv) Each current prospectus
(which term, as used in this  Agreement, shall include any related statement
of additional  information), as amended or supplemented, relating to each 
Registered Investment Company has been delivered to Parent. Each  Registered
Investment Company has timely filed all prospectuses,  annual information
forms, registration statements, proxy statements,  financial statements,
notices on Form 24f-2, other forms, reports,  sales literature and
advertising materials and any other documents  required to be filed with any
Governmental Entity, and any  amendments thereto (the "FUND REPORTS"), and
has timely paid all  fees and interest required to be paid in connection
therewith. The  Fund Reports (i) have been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of applicable Law, and (ii) did not at the time they  were
filed, and with respect to any prospectus, proxy statement,  sales literature
or advertising material, did not during the period  of its authorized use,
contain any untrue statement of a material  fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein  or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light  of the circumstances under which they were
or are made, not  misleading.   (v) None of the Advisory Agreements between
a Registered  Investment Company or any of its Subsidiaries and Safeco
Asset  Management Company contains any undertaking by such entity to cap 
fees or to reimburse any or all fees thereunder except, as of the  date
hereof, as may be disclosed in the applicable Investment  Company Financial
Statements.   (vi) Part 2.21(b)(vi) of the Seller Disclosure Letter  sets
forth all of the investment advisory agreements, sub-advisory  agreements and
distribution or underwriting contracts or plans  adopted pursuant to Rule
12b-1 under the Investment Company Act (a  "12b-1 PLAN") or arrangements for
the payment of service fees (as  such term is defined in Rule 2830 of the
NASD Conduct Rules), and  all administrative services and other services
agreements, if any  (collectively, the "FUND AGREEMENTS"), to which any
Registered  Investment Company is a party and which are in effect on the date
of  this Agreement. True, correct and complete copies of the Fund 
Agreements have been delivered to Parent prior to the date hereof.  As to
each Registered Investment Company (other than any Registered  Separate
Account that is not a management investment company), there  has been in full
force and effect an investment advisory agreement  and a distribution or
underwriting agreement at all times since  inception of such Registered
Investment Company. Each Fund Agreement  was duly approved in accordance with
the applicable provisions of  the Investment Company Act and all payments due
since December 31,  2002 under each distribution or principal underwriting
agreement to  which any Registered Investment Company is a party have been
made in  compliance with the related 12b-1 Plan; and the operation of each 
such 12b-1 Plan complies with Rule 12b-1 under the Investment  Company
Act.   36    (vii) Each of the Registered Investment Companies has 
issued its shares, units or other interests and operated in  compliance in
all material respects with its investment objectives  and policies and with
Law, including Section 17 of the Investment  Company Act; and each Board of a
Registered Investment Company has  been established and operates in
conformity with the requirements  and restrictions of Sections 9, 10 and 16
of the Investment Company  Act. All shares of each Registered Investment
Company have been duly  authorized, are validly issued, fully-paid and non-
assessable and  have been sold in compliance with the Securities Act. With
respect  to each Registered Investment Company, all registration or 
qualification statements or notices of offering to sell or sales  under which
shares of such Registered Investment Company have been  sold have, at all
times when such registration statement,  qualification statement or notice
has been effective, complied in  all material respects with the requirements
of the Investment  Company Act, the Securities Act and any other applicable
Law then in  effect. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of any such 
registration or qualification statement or notice has been issued  and no
proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the  knowledge of
Seller, are contemplated with respect to any Registered  Investment
Company.   (viii) As of the Closing Date, each Investment Company  Board of
a Registered Investment Company having such a Board has  taken such action
required to be taken to approve new Advisory  Agreements with Safeco Asset
Management Company and to constitute  itself in each case so as to comply
with the provisions of Section  15 of the Investment Company Act and Rule
12b-1 thereunder.   (ix) Except as contemplated by Sections 4.9 and 4.10,
no  further action of the Investment Company Board of any Registered 
Investment Company having such a Board or of the shareholders of any  such
Registered Investment Company is required in connection with  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (x) Each of (1) the proxy
solicitation materials to be  distributed to the shareholders of any
Registered Investment Company  in connection with the approvals described in
Sections 4.9 and 4.10  and (2) the materials provided to the Boards of any
Registered  Investment Companies in connection with the approvals of the
Board  resolutions have provided and will provide all information necessary 
in order to make the disclosure of information therein satisfy the 
requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, Sections 15 and 20  of the
Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations  thereunder and such
materials and information (except to the extent  supplied by Parent or its
Affiliates) will be complete in all  respects and will not contain (at the
time such materials or  information are distributed, filed or provided, as
the case may be)  any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any  material fact necessary in order to make the statements made  therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were  made, not misleading
or necessary to correct any statement or any  earlier communication with
respect to the solicitation of a proxy  for the same meeting or subject
matter which has become false or  misleading.   37    (xi) As of the
date hereof, no exemptive orders or no  action letters from any Governmental
Entity have been obtained, nor  are any requests pending therefor, with
respect to any Registered  Investment Company under any of the Securities
Laws except for  exemptive orders issued pursuant to Section 6(c) of the
Investment  Company Act for regular operations in the ordinary course of 
business listed on Part 2.21(b)(xi) of the Seller Disclosure Letter.   (xii)
No Acquired Company nor any of their Subsidiaries or  Affiliates has any
express or implied understanding or arrangement  which would impose an unfair
burden on any of the Registered  Investment Companies or would in any way
violate Section 15(f) of  the Investment Company Act as a result of the
transactions set forth  in Section 1.1.   (xiii) Neither the Seller nor any
"affiliated person" (as  defined in the Investment Company Act) of the Seller
or any  Registered Investment Company receives or is entitled to receive
any  compensation directly or indirectly (i) from any Person in  connection
with the purchase or sale of securities or other property  to, from or on
behalf of any Registered Investment Company, other  than bona fide ordinary
compensation as principal underwriter for  such Registered Investment Company
or as broker in connection with  the purchase or sale of securities in
compliance with Section 17(e)  of the Investment Company Act or (ii) from any
Registered Investment  Company or its security holders for other than bona
fide investment  advisory, administrative or other services. Disclosure of
any such  compensation arrangements has been made in the registration 
statement of each Registered Investment Company filed with the SEC  to the
extent such disclosure is required by applicable Law.   (xiv) Since the
dates of the most recent audited financial  statements included in the
Investment Company Financial Statements  of each Registered Investment
Company, such Registered Investment  Company has not, except for such actions
expressly required under  this Agreement to be taken in connection with the
transactions  contemplated hereby:   (1) declared, set aside, made or paid
any dividend  or other distribution in respect of its equity  interests or
otherwise purchased or redeemed,  directly or indirectly, any of its equity
interests,  except in the ordinary course of its business;   (2) adopted,
or amended in any material respect,  any deferred compensation or other plan,
agreement,  trust, fund or arrangement for the benefit of any  trustees;  
(3) amended its Constituent Documents;   (4) changed in any material respect
its accounting  practices, policies or principles, except as may be 
required under applicable Law or GAAP; or   38    (5) operated its
business in any manner other than  in the ordinary course.   (xv) Each
Registered Investment Company has in full force  and effect such insurance
and fidelity bonds as may be required by  the Investment Company Act. Part
2.21(b)(xv) of the Seller  Disclosure Letter sets forth all policies of
insurance in effect  with each Registered Investment Company and with each
Investment  Adviser Subsidiary relating to the Asset Management Business,
and  true and correct copies of such policies of insurance have  previously
been delivered to Parent.   (xvi) Notwithstanding any other provision in
this  Agreement to the contrary, Sections 2.21(b)(xvii) through  2.21(b)(xx)
contain the only representations that Seller makes with  respect to the Tax
treatment of any Registered Investment Company  and each such representation
is subject to the dispute rights of  Section 4.10(f).   (xvii) All Tax
Returns of each Registered Investment  Company that are required to be filed
by it for taxable periods  ending on or prior to the Closing Date (with due
regard to any  extensions) have been duly and timely filed. All such Tax
Returns  are true, correct and complete in all material respects. All Taxes 
of any Registered Investment Company for any Pre-Closing Tax Period  have
been duly and timely paid in full (or adequate provision for  such has been
made in its financial statements in accordance with  GAAP).   (xviii) Each
Registered Investment Company has complied with  all laws relating to the
payment and withholding of Taxes and has,  within the time and the manner
prescribed by law, paid over to the  proper taxing authorities all amounts
required to be so withheld and  paid over.   (xix) Each Registered
Investment Company that has elected  to be a "regulated investment company"
pursuant to Section 851(b)(1)  of the Code has satisfied the relevant
requirements of the Code for  all taxable years, or parts thereof, of such
Registered Investment  Company ending on or prior to the Closing Date as to
its status as a  regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of
the Code.  Neither Seller, any Affiliate of Seller nor, to the knowledge of 
Seller, any Registered Investment Company or any other agent of any 
Registered Investment Company has received any notice or other  communication
from any Governmental Entity relating to or affecting  any Registered
Investment Company\'s compliance with any of these  relevant
requirements.   39    (xx) With respect to each Registered Investment
Company,  to the knowledge of Seller, no claims have been or are being 
asserted by any Governmental Entity with respect to any Taxes and  there are
no threatened claims for Taxes. None of the Registered  Investment Companies
has ever entered into a closing agreement  pursuant to Section 7121 of the
Code or otherwise. There has not  been any audit by any Governmental Entity
of any Tax period of any  Registered Investment Company, and, to the
knowledge of Seller, no  such audit is in progress and no Registered
Investment Company has  been notified by any Governmental Entity that any
such audit is  contemplated or pending. Except with respect to any
extension  granted pursuant to Internal Revenue Service Form 7004 (or any 
predecessor), no extension of time with respect to any date on which  a Tax
Return was or is to be filed by any Registered Investment  Company is in
force, and no waiver or agreement by any Registered  Investment Company is in
force for the extension of time for the  assessment or payment of any
Taxes.   40    (xxi) No Registered Investment Company, Investment
Adviser  Subsidiary, or Broker/Dealer Subsidiary (including any officer, 
director, or employee of any of them) has entered into, or  acquiesced in,
any agreement, arrangement or understanding to permit  any person to engage
in improper "market timing" or "late trading"  activity (as such terms are
commonly used in the securities  industry) with respect to any Registered
Investment Company or  Separate Account. No Registered Investment Company,
Investment  Adviser Subsidiary, or Broker/Dealer Subsidiary (including any 
officer, director, or employee of any of them) has agreed to waive,  modify,
or otherwise not to enforce, any limitation or requirement  in the then-
current prospectus or statement of additional  information or other
constituent documents of a Registered  Investment Company or Separate
Account, the effect of which waiver,  modification, or failure to enforce
would be to permit or facilitate  improper "market timing" or "late trading"
activities with respect  to such Registered Investment Company or Separate
Account. No access  person (as such term is defined in Rule 17j-1 under the
Investment  Company Act) of any Registered Investment Company or employee of
any  Investment Adviser Subsidiary or Broker/Dealer Subsidiary has  engaged
in any improper "market timing" or improper "late trading"  activities with
respect to any Registered Investment Company or  Separate Account. Each
Registered Investment Company has established  procedures (i) to prevent
patterns of transactions characteristic of  improper "market timing"
strategies, (ii) regarding the fair-value  pricing and determination of the
net asset value ("NAV") of fund  shares in connection with purchase and
redemption orders by  investors in each Registered Investment Company
(including policies  and procedures to deter improper "late trading"), (iii)
to prevent  the improper or illegal disclosure of its portfolio holdings to
any  person and to prevent disclosure of its portfolio holdings in a  manner
that might reasonably be expected to facilitate improper  market timing
activities in respect of its shares or other improper  or illegal activities
in respect of it and (iv) reasonably designed  to monitor and ensure that
investors obtain the proper "breakpoint"  discount with respect to purchases
of shares of each Registered  Investment Company with front-end sales loads
(collectively, the  procedures described in clauses (i)-(iv), the "RIC
PROCEDURES").  Each Investment Adviser Subsidiary and each Registered
Investment  Company is and has at all times since January 1, 2003 been in 
compliance in all material respects with all such procedures. No  Investment
Adviser Subsidiary, Registered Investment Company or  Broker/Dealer
Subsidiary has acted, directly or indirectly, to  facilitate purchase and
redemption orders for fund shares received  after the NAV has been determined
for a particular day at that day\'s  NAV, nor is any Investment Adviser
Subsidiary, Registered Investment  Company or Broker/Dealer Subsidiary aware
of such activities  occurring in connection with the operations of any
Registered  Investment Company, except with respect to the Safeco Resource 
Series Trust, as permitted by NEW YORK LIFE FUND, INC., SEC  no-action letter
published May 6, 1971 and as provided for in the  Participation Agreements
filed with the SEC as exhibits to  registration statements (which in each
case requires that the  beneficial owner of any fund shares shall have
provided the relevant  purchase or sale order   41    or instruction to
the relevant intermediary prior to the time as of  which such NAV is
determined for the day in question). The parties  agree that, in the event
that any Governmental Entity asserts in any  context, or any other Person
asserts in a Proceeding, that any  specified activity prior to the Closing
constituted or might have  constituted improper "market timing" or improper
"late trading,"  then for the purposes of determining whether any of the 
representations in this Section 2.21(b)(xxi) has been breached, as  between
the parties the activity in question will be assumed to have  constituted
improper "market timing" or "late trading," as the case  may be, regardless
of whether Seller believes that the activity in  question was in fact
improper or constituted "market timing" or  "late trading" activity.  
(xxii) Each Registered Investment Company has at all times  disclosed in its
prospectus and statement of additional information  to the extent required by
applicable Law, any and all arrangements  in place between each Investment
Adviser Subsidiary or Registered  Investment Company and a financial
intermediary pursuant to which a  financial intermediary is compensated,
directly or indirectly, by  such entity or an affiliate of such entity, with
cash payments or  other incentives in connection with its sale of shares of
the  Registered Investment Company. Such arrangements are and at all  times
have been in compliance in all material respects with  applicable Law
(including the Securities Act, the Investment  Advisers Act, the Investment
Company Act, ERISA and the NASD  Regulations).   (xxiii) Each Investment
Advisory Subsidiary has selected  broker-dealers to execute portfolio
transactions for each Registered  Investment Company in accordance with the
policies of each such  Registered Investment Company disclosed in each such
Registered  Investment Company\'s registration statement and applicable 
requirements to seek best execution consistent with the Conduct  Rules of the
NASD.   (xxiv) Each Investment Adviser Subsidiary and each  Registered
Investment Company has at all times disclosed in its  prospectus and
statement of additional information to the extent  required by applicable
Law, any and all arrangements under which  products or services other than
execution of securities transactions  are obtained by either entity from or
through a broker-dealer in  exchange for the direction by the Investment
Adviser Subsidiary of  client brokerage transactions to the broker-dealer.
Such  arrangements are and at all times have been in compliance in all 
material respects with applicable Law (including but not limited to  the
Securities Act, the Investment Advisers Act, the Investment  Company Act,
ERISA and the NASD Regulations).   SECTION 2.22 INSURANCE PRACTICES.  
42    (a) Except as otherwise, individually or in the aggregate, would 
not reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Acquired Companies, all policies, binders, slips, certificates, annuity 
contracts and participation agreements and other agreements of insurance, 
whether individual or group, that are in effect (including all  applications,
supplements, endorsements, riders and ancillary agreements in  connection
therewith) and that have been issued by the Insurance  Subsidiaries and any
and all marketing materials, are, to the extent  required under Law, on forms
approved by applicable insurance regulatory  authorities which have been
filed and not objected to by such authorities  within the period provided for
objection (the "COMPANY FORMS"). The Company  Forms comply in all material
respects with the insurance statutes,  regulations and rules applicable
thereto and, as to premium rates  established by Seller or any Insurance
Subsidiary which are required to be  filed with or approved by insurance
regulatory authorities, the rates have  been so filed or approved, the
premiums charged conform thereto and such  premiums comply in all material
respects with the insurance statutes,  regulations and rules applicable
thereto.   (b) To the knowledge of the Seller, at the time any Insurance 
Subsidiary paid commissions to any broker or agent since January 1, 2001 in 
connection with the sale of Life and Annuity Contracts, each such broker or 
agent was duly licensed as an insurance broker (for the type of business 
sold by such broker) or agent in the particular jurisdiction in which such 
broker or agent sold such business for any Insurance Subsidiary. To the 
knowledge of Seller, since January 1, 1999 no such broker or agent violated 
(or with or without notice or lapse of time or both would have violated) in 
any material respect any Law or any other requirement of any Governmental 
Entity or arbitrator applicable to the sale or servicing of Life and Annuity 
Contracts. Neither the manner in which any Insurance Subsidiary compensates 
any Person involved in the sale or servicing of Life and Annuity Contracts 
that is not registered as a broker-dealer or insurance agent, as  applicable,
nor, to the knowledge of the Seller, the conduct of any such  Person, renders
such Person a broker-dealer or insurance agent under any  applicable federal
or state law, and the manner in which any Insurance  Subsidiary compensates
each Person involved in the sale or servicing of  Life and Annuity Contracts is
in compliance in all material respects with all  applicable Law.   43   
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the  contrary,
Section 2.22(c) contains the only representations with respect to  the
policyholder Tax treatment that Seller makes with respect to any  annuity
policy or other insurance policy issued by any Insurance Subsidiary  (a
"POLICY"), including any benefits or other amounts provided by such a 
Policy, and each such representation is subject to the remediation and 
mitigation provisions of Section 4.10(g). The Tax treatment under the Code 
of any Policy (whether developed or administered by or reinsured with an 
unrelated party) issued or sold prior to or on the Closing Date is, and at 
all times through the Closing Date has been, the same or more favorable to 
the owner of such Policy (the "POLICY OWNER") or the intended beneficiaries 
thereof than the Tax treatment under the Code for which such Policy 
purported to qualify at the time of such Policy\'s issuance. For purposes of 
this Section 2.22(c), the provisions of the Code relating to the Tax 
treatment of such Policy shall refer to Code Sections 72, 79, 101, 104,  105,
106, 125, 130, 264, 401, 403, 404, 408, 408A, 412, 415, 419, 419A,  457, 501,
505, 817, 817A, 818, 1035, 7702, 7702A and 7702B. For any such  variable
Policy such Insurance Subsidiary is, and at all times through the  Closing
Date has been, treated as the owner for Tax purposes under the Code  of the
assets in any segregated asset account of such Insurance Subsidiary  that
relate to such Policy. Any such Policy that is a modified endowment  contract
under Code Section 7702A (a "MEC") has been marketed as such at  any relevant
time prior to its issuance, or its Policy Owner has consented  to such MEC
status.   (d) OTHER INSURANCE PRACTICE REPRESENTATIONS.   (i) To Seller\'s
knowledge, there is no pending or  threatened audit or other proceeding with
the IRS or in any court  with respect to the Tax treatment of any Policy to
the Policy Owner  under the Code.   (ii) To the knowledge of the Seller,
there are no "hold  harmless," tax sharing, indemnification, or similar
arrangements  regarding the Tax qualification or treatment of any Life and
Annuity  Contracts.   (iii) All contracts issued by any Insurance
Subsidiary  (whether developed or administered by or reinsured with any 
unrelated party) that are subject to Section 817 of the Code and the 
Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder have met the  diversification
requirements applicable thereto since the issuance  of the contracts.  
(iv) All annuity contracts issued by any Insurance  Subsidiary (whether
developed or administered by or reinsured with  any unrelated party) that are
subject to Section 72(s) of the Code  contain all of the necessary provisions
of Section 72(s) of the  Code.   44    (v) Each Life Insurance Contract
(whether developed or  administered by or reinsured with any unrelated party)
that was  issued after December 31, 1984 complies with the requirements of 
Section 7702 of the Code and qualifies as a "life insurance  contract" within
the meaning of Section 7702(a) of the Code. Each  Life Insurance Contract
(whether developed or administered by or  reinsured with any unrelated
party)that was issued before January 1,  1985 (i) complies with the
requirements of Section 7702 of the Code  to the extent applicable to such
Life Insurance Contract and  qualifies as a "life insurance contract" within
the meaning of  Section 7702(a) to such extent or (ii) to the extent Section
7702 of  the Code is inapplicable to such Life Insurance Contract and such 
Life Insurance Contract is a flexible premium contract within the  meaning of
Section 101(f) of the Code, complies with the  requirements of such Section
101(f).   (e) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired 
Companies, (i) each separate account maintained by an Insurance Subsidiary 
(a "SEPARATE ACCOUNT") is duly and validly established and maintained under 
the laws of its state of formation and is either excluded from the 
definition of investment company or exempt from registration under the 
Investment Company Act or is duly registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act, and (ii) each such Separate Account is  operated,
and each contract issued by an Insurance Subsidiary under which  Separate
Account assets are held has been duly and validly issued, offered  and sold.
Seller has delivered to Buyer true, correct and complete copies  of the
annual statements of the Separate Accounts as filed with applicable  state
insurance regulatory authorities for the year ended December 31,  2002. Each
such annual statement complied in all material respects with all  applicable
Laws when so filed and was timely filed with all required  Governmental
Entities. No material deficiencies have been asserted by any  Governmental
Entity with respect to any such annual statement. Each  statutory financial
statement of the Separate Accounts contained in any  such annual statement
fairly presents in all material respects, in  accordance with applicable SAP,
the financial condition of the applicable  Separate Account and such Separate
Account\'s summary of operations and  surplus account for and during the
respective periods covered by such  financial statements. Each Insurance
Subsidiary and each of its  predecessors, if any, has at all times operated
such Separate Accounts in  material compliance with the terms of any and all
agreements relating to  such Separate Accounts and applicable Law.   (f)
[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED].   (g) The separate accounts maintained by an
Insurance Subsidiary  which are required to register as an investment company
under the  Investment Company Act (each, a "REGISTERED SEPARATE ACCOUNT") are
and have  been operated and registered in compliance with the Investment
Company Act  in all material respects and the applicable Insurance Subsidiary
has filed  all reports and amendments to its registration statement required
to be  filed, and has been granted all exemptive relief necessary for the 
operation of the Registered Separate Accounts, except as would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies.   45    (h) There are
no Contracts or Other Agreements to which any  Insurance Subsidiary is a
party, or which is binding upon any Insurance  Subsidiary, that restrict the
right of any Insurance Subsidiary to change  the crediting rates and other
non-guaranteed elements under the Life and  Annuity Contracts, other than
pursuant to the terms of the Life and Annuity  Contracts. Except as set forth
in its statutory reports filed prior to the  date hereof and delivered to
Buyer, and except as required by Laws of  general applicability and the
insurance permits, grants or licenses  maintained by the Insurance
Subsidiaries, there are no written agreements,  memoranda of understanding,
commitment letters or similar undertakings  binding on any Insurance
Subsidiary to which such Insurance Subsidiary is a  party, on one hand, and
any Governmental Entity is a party or addressee, on  the other hand, or
orders or directives by, or supervisory letters from,  any Governmental
Entity specifically with respect to any Insurance  Subsidiary, which (A)
limit the ability of the Insurance Subsidiary or any  of its Subsidiaries to
issue Life and Annuity Contracts, (B) require any  investments of the Insurance
Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries to be  treated as nonadmitted assets,
(C) require any divestiture of any  investments of the Insurance Subsidiary
or any of its Subsidiaries, (D) in  any manner relate to the capital adequacy
(including the maintenance of any  National Association of Insurance
Commissioners Insurance Regulatory  Information System Ratio, reserves or
surplus), credit policies or  management of the Insurance Subsidiary or any
of its Subsidiaries or the  ability of the Insurance Subsidiary or any of its
Subsidiaries to pay  dividends or other distributions or (E) otherwise
restrict the conduct of  business of the Insurance Subsidiary or any of its
Subsidiaries in any  material respect.   (i) All Life and Annuity Contracts
were issued in conformity in  all material respects with the applicable
Insurance Subsidiary\'s  underwriting standards.   (j) Seller has delivered
to Buyer all correspondence between any  Insurance Subsidiary and any
Governmental Entity (other than any Taxing  authority) since January 1, 2002,
regarding any alleged material violation  of Laws.   (k) (i) To the extent
that any Insurance Subsidiary is legally  responsible therefor, (A) the terms
of each Qualified Contract and the  administration and operation thereof and
of any plan or arrangement funded  in whole or in part through any such
Qualified Contract comply, and at all  relevant times have complied, in all
material respects with the applicable  provisions of the Code and ERISA and
(to the extent such plan is intended  by the contract holder to limit
fiduciary responsibility in accordance with  section 404(c) of ERISA) comply,
and at all relevant times have complied,  in all material respects with all
applicable requirements for limiting  fiduciary responsibility under section
404(c) of ERISA; (B) contributions  or payments to each such Qualified
Contract that are intended to be  nontaxable are not taxable; and (C) plan or
contract loans made under such  Qualified Contracts were neither prohibited
transactions nor taxable when  made or at any time thereafter, except with
respect to taxable defaults in  repayment of such plan or contracts loans;
and   (ii) each Insurance Subsidiary is in material compliance with all 
provisions of ERISA which apply to the design or administration of Life and 
Annuity Contracts or to the   46    investment of assets of employee
benefit plans subject to ERISA which are  held under Life and Annuity
Contracts.   (l) Each Insurance Subsidiary has at all times since January
1,  2003 in its marketing and sales materials, to the extent required by 
applicable Law, disclosed any and all arrangements in place between each 
Insurance Subsidiary and a financial intermediary pursuant to which a 
financial intermediary is compensated, directly or indirectly, by such 
entity or an affiliate of such entity, with cash payments or other 
incentives in connection with its sale of annuity and/or insurance products 
(collectively, "FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ARRANGEMENTS"). Such arrangements  are
and at all times since January 1, 2003 have been in compliance in all 
material respects with applicable Law.   (m) No Insurance Subsidiary has
acted, directly or indirectly,  to facilitate purchase and redemption orders
for shares in any Registered  Investment Company or interests in any Separate
Account received after the  NAV has been determined for a particular day at
that day\'s NAV and no such  activities have occurred in connection with the
operations of any  Registered Separate Account, except with respect to the
Safeco Resource  Series Trust, as permitted by NEW YORK LIFE FUND, INC., SEC
no-action  letter published May 6, 1971 and as provided for in the
Participation  Agreements filed with the SEC as exhibits to registration
statements (which  in each case requires that the beneficial owner of any
fund shares shall  have provided the relevant purchase or sale order or
instruction to the  relevant intermediary prior to the time as of which such
NAV is determined  for the day in question).   47    (n) No Insurance
Subsidiary (including any officer, director, or  employee of any Insurance
Subsidiary) has entered into, or acquiesced in,  any agreement, arrangement
or understanding to permit any person to engage  in improper "market timing"
or improper "late trading" activity (as such  terms are commonly used in the
securities industry) with respect to any  Separate Account or Registered
Investment Company. No Insurance Subsidiary  has agreed to waive, modify, or
otherwise not to enforce, any limitation or  requirement adopted or
implemented by it or by such Separate Account  (including without limitation
in any prospectus or other offering document  relating to any Separate
Account or in any other constituent document  relating to any Separate
Account), the effect of which waiver,  modification, or failure to enforce
would be to permit or facilitate  improper "market timing" or improper "late
trading" activities with respect  to such Separate Account. Each Insurance
Subsidiary has established  procedures to prevent patterns of transactions
characteristic of improper  "market timing" strategies in its Separate
Accounts. Each Insurance  Subsidiary and each Separate Account is and has at
all times since such  procedures were adopted been in compliance in all
material respects with  such procedures. The parties agree that, in the event
that any Governmental  Entity asserts in any context, or any other Person
asserts in a Proceeding,  that any specified activity prior to the Closing
constituted or might have  constituted improper "market timing" or improper
"late trading," then for  the purposes of determining whether any of the
representations in this  Section 2.22(n) have been breached, as between the
parties the activity in  question will be assumed to have constituted
improper "market timing" or  improper "late trading," as the case may be,
regardless of whether Seller  believes that the activity in question was in
fact improper or constituted  "market timing" or "late trading" activity.  
(o) Each Insurance Subsidiary to which the Health Insurance  Portability and
Accountability Act and the regulations promulgated  thereunder (including 45
C.F.R. parts 160, 162 and 164) (collectively,  "HIPAA") are applicable has
implemented a plan or plans designed to ensure  compliance by such Insurance
Subsidiary, with any applicable state or  federal privacy laws or regulations
(including HIPAA) governing the  privacy, security and electronic data
transfer standards relating to health  information to the extent such laws or
regulations are in effect as of the  date hereof, and has taken reasonable
steps to formulate and implement a  plan or plans designed to ensure
compliance with such laws and regulations  by no later than the applicable
mandated compliance dates to the extent  such laws and regulations are not in
effect as of the date hereof. These  plans, as in effect on the date hereof,
are referred to collectively as the  "INSURANCE SUBSIDIARY HIPAA/PRIVACY
PLAN". The Insurance Subsidiary  HIPAA/Privacy Plan is based upon advice of
legal counsel competent as to  the matter concerning: (i) the application of
HIPAA and other state and  federal privacy laws and regulations to each
Insurance Subsidiary and (ii)  the measures that must be taken to attain
compliance with such laws and  regulations by their mandated compliance
dates. The Seller reasonably  believes that the objectives set forth in the
Insurance Subsidiary  HIPAA/Privacy Plan for any laws and regulations that
are not in effect as  of the date hereof are attainable in the manner and
within the time periods  set forth therein (which time periods have been
established to ensure full  compliance by the applicable compliance dates
imposed by HIPAA and other  applicable state and federal privacy laws and
regulations).   48    SECTION 2.23 THIRD PARTY REINSURANCE CONTRACTS.
Part 2.23 of the Seller Disclosure Letter lists all agreements pursuant to
which any Insurance Subsidiary cedes or retrocedes risks assumed under the
Life and Annuity Contracts (the "THIRD PARTY REINSURANCE CONTRACTS"). No
Insurance Subsidiary is currently a party to any surplus relief contract or
treaty, whether called a reinsurance contract or agreement or otherwise
denominated, or any other similar contract or agreement other than any
contract or treaty set forth in Part 2.23 of the Seller Disclosure Letter.
All of the Third Party Reinsurance Contracts are in full force and effect and
valid and binding upon the Insurance Subsidiaries (to the extent a party
thereto, subject to (i) the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or
affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally, and (ii) the effect of
equitable principles (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law)) and, to the knowledge of the Seller, upon
each of the other parties thereto, and none of the Insurance Subsidiaries
and, to the knowledge of the Seller, none of the other parties to the Third
Party Reinsurance Contracts, is in material default under, and no event has
occurred which, with the passage of time or giving of notice or both, would
result in any of the Insurance Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Seller, any of the other parties to the Third Party Reinsurance Contracts,
being in material default under, any of the terms of the Third Party
Reinsurance Contracts. None of the Insurance Subsidiaries has received any
written notice of the initiation of bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership,
insolvency or similar proceedings with respect to any other party to a Third
Party Reinsurance Contract. None of the Insurance Subsidiaries has been
prohibited under the applicable SAP or applicable insurance Laws from taking
financial statement credit for the reinsurance provided by the Third Party
Reinsurance Contracts and any reinsurance recoverables more than thirty days
past due have been previously disclosed to Buyer. The Closing of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not give rise to any
termination or recapture rights under the Third Party Reinsurance Contracts.
All Life and Annuity Contracts that are reinsured or retroceded in whole or in
part conform in all material respects to the standards agreed to with
reinsurers in the related reinsurance, retrocession or other similar
contracts other than such deviations that are immaterial, individually or in
the aggregate.   ARTICLE III.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  OF PARENT
AND BUYER   Parent and Buyer represent and warrant to Seller and GAC as of
the date of this Agreement and, unless such representations and warranties
address a matter only as of a certain date, as of the Closing Date as
follows:   49    SECTION 3.1 ORGANIZATION. Each of Parent and Buyer has
been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of
Parent and Buyer is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in
each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or
the nature of the business conducted by it make such qualification necessary,
except for such failures to be so duly qualified and in good standing that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or Buyer, as the case may be. Buyer is
a newly formed, direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and, except for
activities incident to the acquisition of the Shares and the other
transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents, Buyer has not
engaged in any business activities of any type or kind whatsoever.  
SECTION 3.2 AUTHORIZATION; BINDING AGREEMENT. Each of Parent and Buyer has
all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which each is a party,
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which each is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of each of Parent and Buyer. This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Buyer and
(assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 2.3)
constitutes a legally valid and binding agreement of each of Parent and
Buyer, enforceable against each of them in accordance with its terms, subject
to (i) the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors\' rights and
remedies generally, and (ii) the effect of equitable principles (regardless
of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law).   SECTION 3.3 NONCONTRAVENTION. Neither the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will conflict with or result
in any breach of any provision of, or require any consent or approval (other
than consents and approvals described in Section 3.4 below) under, or
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a violation or
default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration or to any loss of a material benefit) under, or result in the
creation of any Lien upon the properties or assets of Parent or Buyer under,
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (i) the Constituent Documents
of either Parent or Buyer, (ii) any Contracts and Other Agreements to which
Parent or Buyer is a party or by which any of them or any portion of their
properties or assets may be bound or (iii) any Law or Order applicable to
Parent or Buyer or any portion of their properties or assets, other than in
the case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), any such items that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or Buyer.   50    SECTION 3.4
APPROVALS. No license, permit, consent, approval, order, certificate,
authorization of, declaration of or filing with, any Governmental Entity on
the part of either Parent or Buyer that has not been obtained or made is
required in connection with the execution or delivery by Parent or Buyer
of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the consummation by
Parent or Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other
than (a) filings and other applicable requirements under the HSR Act, (b)
approvals, filings and/or notices required under any applicable state or
federal banking laws or any applicable state or federal laws related to the
sale or operation of insurance, investment companies, investment advisers or
broker-dealers set forth in Part 2.5 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, or
(c) consents, approvals, authorizations, declarations or filings that, if not
obtained or made, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or Buyer or prevent Parent or Buyer from
consummating the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.5 FINDERS
AND INVESTMENT BANKERS. None of Parent or Buyer or any of their respective
officers, directors or Affiliates has employed any investment banker,
financial advisor, broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or incurred any liability for any investment
banking, business consultancy, financial advisory, brokerage or finders\'
fees or commissions in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.6 FINANCING. Parent has firm financing
commitments that are sufficient to enable it to consummate the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement. True and correct copies of such commitments
have been delivered to Seller. The financing required to consummate the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement is referred to in this Agreement
as the "FINANCING". As of the date of this Agreement, Parent does not have
any reason to believe that any of the conditions to the Financing will not be
satisfied or that the Financing will not be available to Parent on a timely
basis to consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement,
including the payment of the Closing Consideration as set forth in Section
1.3(b)(i).   SECTION 3.7 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 15(f) OF THE INVESTMENT
COMPANY ACT. Neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates has any express or
implied understanding or agreement which would impose an unfair burden on any
Investment Company that would otherwise preclude satisfaction of the safe
harbor provided by Section 15(f) of the Investment Company Act as a result of
the transactions contemplated hereby.   SECTION 3.8 INVESTMENT INTENT. The
Shares will be acquired by Buyer for its own account and not for the purpose
of a distribution. Buyer will refrain from transferring or otherwise
disposing of any of the Shares acquired by it, or any interest therein, in
such manner as to violate any registration provision of the Securities Act,
or any applicable state securities law regulating the disposition thereof.
Buyer agrees that the certificates representing the Shares may bear legends
to the effect that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act, or such other state securities laws, and that no interest therein may be
transferred or otherwise disposed of in violation of the provisions
thereof.   51    SECTION 3.9 NO DISQUALIFICATION. None of Parent, Buyer,
or any Person "associated" (as such term is defined in the Investment
Advisers Act) with Parent or Buyer has been convicted of any crime or is
subject to any disqualification that would be a basis for denial, suspension,
or revocation of registration of an investment adviser under Section 203(e)
of the Investment Advisers Act or Rule 206(4)-4(b) thereunder. None of
Parent, Buyer or any "associated person" of Parent or Buyer is subject to a
"statutory disqualification" (as such terms are defined in the Exchange Act)
or subject to a disqualification that would be a basis for censure,
limitations on the activities, functions or operations of, or suspension or
revocation of the registration of a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act.  
ARTICLE IV.  COVENANTS   SECTION 4.1 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY.
Except as contemplated by this Agreement, during the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending at the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause GAC to,
conduct the operations of the Acquired Companies according to the ordinary
course of business of the Acquired Companies, consistent with past practice,
and Seller shall, and shall cause GAC to, use commercially reasonable efforts
to preserve intact the business organization of the Acquired Companies and to
maintain satisfactory relationships with the customers, suppliers and
employees and others with which the Acquired Companies have business
relationships. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, prior to the Closing,
neither Seller nor GAC will, without the prior written consent of Parent:  
(a) amend or propose to amend the Constituent Documents of any  Acquired
Company;   (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, pledge, deliver or 
agree or commit to issue, sell, pledge or deliver (whether through the 
issuance or granting of any options, warrants, calls, subscriptions, stock 
appreciation rights or other rights or other agreements) any capital stock 
of any class or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares 
of capital stock of any class of any Acquired Company;   (c) permit or cause
any Acquired Company to declare or pay any  dividend or make any other
distribution to its stockholders whether or not  upon or in respect of any
shares of its capital stock; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,  that Parent and Buyer
acknowledge that Seller may make a one-time cash  dividend (an "EXCESS
CAPITAL DIVIDEND") from the Insurance Subsidiaries at  any time during the
period beginning on May 31, 2004 and ending on June 30,  2004, if and to the
extent that Seller has determined in good faith that  the June Adjusted
Statutory Book Value, if calculated as of the date of  such dividend, would
be in excess of the Target Statutory Book Value (but  in no event shall the
amount of any such Excess Capital Dividend be greater  than $75,000,000);
PROVIDED, FURTHER, HOWEVER, that Seller shall provide  Buyer with two (2)
Business Days\' prior written notice of its intent to  make an Excess Capital
Dividend, and shall set forth within such notice the  intended amount of such
Excess Capital Dividend;   52    (d) except as otherwise contemplated by
this Agreement or as  required to ensure that any Plan is not then out of
compliance with  applicable Law or to comply with any Contract and Other
Agreement or Plan  entered into prior to the date hereof and heretofore
delivered to Buyer,  (A) adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any collective
bargaining  agreement or Plan or any Contract and Other Agreement or other
plan or  policy involving any current or former employees of an Acquired
Company or  any Bank Channel Employee, (B) increase in any manner the
compensation,  bonus or fringe or other benefits of, or pay any bonus of any
kind or  amount whatsoever to, any current or former employees of an
Acquired  Company or any Bank Channel Employee, except for any planned
salary  increases and payment of bonuses, each as described in Part 2.8(c) of
the  Seller Disclosure Letter, (C) pay any benefit or amount not required
under  any Plan or Contract and Other Agreement as in effect on the date of
this  Agreement, other than as contemplated in the foregoing clause (B),
(D)  grant or pay any severance or termination pay or increase in any manner
the  severance or termination pay of any current or former employees of an 
Acquired Company or any Bank Channel Employee, (E) grant any awards under 
any bonus, incentive, performance or other Plan, Contract and Other 
Agreement or otherwise, other than as contemplated in the foregoing clause 
(B), (F) take any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of 
compensation or benefits under any Plan or Contract and Other Agreement,  (G)
take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any  compensation or
benefit under any Plan or Contract and Other Agreement or  (H) materially
change any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate  funding
obligations with respect to any Acquired Company Plan or change the  manner
in which contributions to any Acquired Company Plan are made or the  basis on
which such contributions are determined;   (e) enter into any Contract or
Other Agreement that would  constitute a Material Contract, other than in the
ordinary course of  business of the Acquired Companies consistent with past
practice; provided,  however, that in no event shall any of the Acquired
Companies incur or  assume any long-term indebtedness for borrowed money;  
(f) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating  with, or by
purchasing a substantial portion of the stock or assets of, or  by any other
means, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint  venture,
association, or other business organization or division thereof;   (g)
permit any Insurance Subsidiary voluntarily to forfeit,  abandon, modify,
waive, terminate or otherwise change any of its insurance  licenses, except
(i) as may be required in order to comply with Law or (ii)  such forfeitures,
abandonments, terminations, changes, modifications or  waivers of insurance
licenses as would not, individually or in the  aggregate, restrict the
business or operations of such Insurance Subsidiary  in any material
respect;   (h) permit, allow or suffer any of the Shares to become 
subjected to any Lien of any nature whatsoever, except for Liens arising 
under operation of Law;   53    (i) except in the ordinary course of
business consistent with  past practice, permit any Acquired Company to sell,
lease, license or  otherwise dispose of any material assets (and other than
acquisitions and  dispositions of investments in the Investment Portfolio in
accordance with  the Investment Guidelines in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice);   (j) permit any Acquired Company to enter
into any lease of real  property, except (i) any renewals of existing leases
in the ordinary course  of business and consistent with past practice or (ii)
as expressly  contemplated in any Transaction Document;   (k) except for
(i) intercompany transactions in the ordinary  course of business (all of
which shall be unwound by June 30, 2004, in  accordance with Section 4.13),
(ii) Related Contracts and (iii) the payment  of the Excess Capital Dividend,
permit any Acquired Company to pay, loan or  advance any amount to, or sell,
transfer or lease any of its assets to, or  enter into any Contract or Other
Agreement with, Seller or any of its  Affiliates (other than another Acquired
Company);   (l) permit any Acquired Company to make any material change in 
its underwriting or claims management practices, pricing practices, 
reserving practices, reinsurance practices, marketing practices or 
investment policies or practices or Investment Guidelines, except in each 
case as required by Law or SAP or in the ordinary course of business 
consistent with past practice;   (m) permit any Broker/Dealer Subsidiary or
Investment Adviser  Subsidiary voluntarily to forfeit, abandon, amend,
modify, waive, terminate  or otherwise change any of its registrations,
licenses, qualifications with  any Governmental Entity or its memberships in
any self-regulatory  organizations, securities exchanges, boards of trade,
commodities  exchanges, clearing organizations or trade organizations, except
(i) as may  be required in order to comply with Law or (ii) such
forfeitures,  abandonments, amendments, terminations, changes, modifications
or waivers  as would not, individually or in the aggregate, restrict the
business or  operations of such Subsidiary in any material respect;   (n)
permit any Acquired Company to sell, assign, transfer or  convey any Acquired
Company Proprietary Right;   (o) permit any Acquired Company to make any
material change in  fiscal year, accounting methods or principles used for
GAAP or statutory  reporting purposes, except for changes which are required
by Law, SAP or  GAAP of all enterprises in the same business;   54   
(p) with respect to the Investment Adviser Subsidiaries and  their Clients,
permit any Investment Adviser Subsidiary to (i) enter into  any new, or
modify or terminate any existing, investment advisory contracts  with any
existing Clients, (ii) form any new Registered Investment  Companies or
terminate, merge or liquidate any existing Registered  Investment Companies,
(iii) enter into any new, or modify or terminate any  existing, contracts
with Registered Investment Companies or (iv) fail to  use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause each Registered Investment  Company (subject to
the authority of the board of trustees or directors of  such Registered
Investment Company) to operate its business only in the  ordinary course of
business and in a manner comporting with the standards  of portfolio
management and service quality heretofore met by it and to  comply with
applicable Law (including but not limited to the Securities  Act, the
Investment Advisers Act, the Investment Company Act and ERISA);   (q) permit
any Acquired Company to make any material Tax  election or settle or
compromise any material Tax liability;   (r) permit any Acquired Company to
revalue any properties or  assets, including writing off notes or accounts
receivable, other than in  the ordinary course of the business of the
applicable Acquired Company, or  as required by applicable Law, SAP or
GAAP;   (s) permit any Acquired Company to make any loan, advance, 
guarantee or capital contribution to any Person (other than another  Acquired
Company), other than under a Related Contract;   (t) permit any Acquired
Company to adopt any plan of complete or  partial liquidation, dissolution,
rehabilitation, restructuring,  recapitalization, re-domestication or other
reorganization;   (u) permit any Acquired Company to enter into any joint
venture,  partnership or similar Contract or Other Agreement with any
Person;   (v) permit any of the Insurance Subsidiaries to take any action 
intended to cause lapses, conversions or the terminations of any Life and 
Annuity Contract or to encourage any agents of an Insurance Subsidiary to 
roll over any Life and Annuity Contract, other than with respect to Equity 
Indexed Annuity contracts (it being agreed that actions permitted pursuant 
to clause (l) of this Section 4.1 do not violate this covenant);   (w) fire
or otherwise terminate the employment of any Business  Employee, except for
cause in accordance with past practice;   (x) permit any Acquired Company to
launch or introduce any  material new product or service;   55    (y)
take or fail to take any action or permit any Acquired  Company to take or
fail to take any action, in each case for the purpose of  either (i) shifting
statutory income or surplus from the period following  June 30, 2004 to the
period preceding June 30, 2004 or (ii) increasing  statutory income or
surplus with the intent of increasing the June Adjusted  Statutory Book Value
or increasing the Closing Consideration to the  detriment of Buyer and
Parent; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent and Buyer  agree that any action taken
by Seller, to the extent necessary to ensure  that an independent auditor\'s
opinion will be unqualified after an issue as  to ability to give an
unqualified opinion is raised by such auditor, shall  not be deemed to be a
breach of this Section 4.1(y);   (z) modify, amend or terminate either (i)
the letter agreement  between Seller and Safeco Life Insurance Company dated
as of March 1, 2004  relating to the use of the "EXPRESS" mark or (ii) the
letter agreements  between Seller and Safeco Life Insurance Company dated as
of March 1, 2004  relating to the use of certain marks containing "SAFE" by
Safeco Life  Insurance Company (such letters, the "IP SIDE LETTERS"); or  
(aa) agree, commit or arrange to do any of the foregoing.   SECTION 4.2
ACCESS AND INFORMATION.   (a) PRE-CLOSING. Between the date of this
Agreement and the  Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause the Acquired
Companies to, afford  Parent and its authorized representatives (including
its financing sources  and accountants, financial advisors and legal counsel)
upon one (1)  Business Day\'s prior written notice, reasonable access during
normal  business hours to all of the properties, personnel, Contracts and
Other  Agreements and other books and records of the Acquired Companies and
shall  promptly deliver or make available to Parent such other information 
concerning the business, properties, assets and personnel of the Acquired 
Companies as Parent may from time to time reasonably request. Parent shall 
hold, and shall cause its representatives (as provided for in the letter 
agreement dated October 21, 2003 (the "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT") between 
Seller and Parent) to treat all such information as Evaluation Material (as 
defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) and to hold such information in 
confidence in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement 
and, in the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason, 
Parent promptly shall return or destroy all Evaluation Material (including 
such information) in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality 
Agreement.   (b) POST-CLOSING.   56    (i) Following the Closing Date,
Buyer shall, and shall  cause the Acquired Companies to, allow Seller, upon
one (1) Business  Day\'s prior written notice and during normal business
hours, through  its affiliates, employees and representatives, (x) the right
to  examine and make copies, at Seller\'s expense, of the books and  records
of the Acquired Companies, and (y) reasonable access to  Buyer\'s and the
Acquired Companies\' employees, in the case of either  clause (x) or (y), for
the preparation and review of the June  Financial Statements and any other
action or inquiry related to the  procedures set forth in Section 1.4,
regulatory and statutory  filings, earnings releases, statistical
supplements, financial  statements (including, but not limited to, the timely
preparation  pursuant to Seller\'s then-current schedule and filing of
Seller\'s  current, quarterly and annual reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and
10-K  for any post-closing period) and the conduct of any third-party 
litigation. Parent and Buyer shall cause their, and the Acquired 
Companies\', affiliates, employees and representatives to (A)  reasonably
cooperate with Seller in connection with the foregoing  and (B) under the
supervision of Seller, prepare the June Financial  Statements, to the extent
not yet prepared and finalized as of the  Closing Date, in the ordinary
course of the performance of their  responsibilities. Buyer shall, and shall
cause the Acquired  Companies to, maintain the books and records of the
Acquired  Companies for examination and copying by Seller for a period of
not  less than six (6) years following the Closing Date or any longer 
period as mandated by applicable Law, after which, Buyer or the  Acquired
Companies may destroy such records in their sole  discretion. Access to such
records shall not unreasonably interfere  with the business operations of
Buyer, any Acquired Company or any  of their respective successors.   (ii)
Following the Closing Date, Seller shall allow  Buyer, upon one (1) Business
Day\'s prior written notice and during  normal business hours, through its
affiliates, employees and  representatives, the right to (x) examine and make
copies, at  Buyer\'s expense, of the books and records of Seller retained
by  Seller and maintained by Seller after the Closing Date; but only to  the
extent that such books and records relate to the Acquired  Companies; and (y)
reasonable access to any of Seller\'s employees,  in the case of either
clause (x) or (y), for the review of the June  Financial Statements, and any
other action or inquiry related to the  procedures set forth in Section 1.4,
regulatory and statutory  filings, earnings releases, statistical
supplements, financial  statements and the conduct of any third-party
litigation. Seller  shall cause its affiliates, employees and representatives
to  reasonably cooperate with Parent and Buyer in connection with the 
foregoing. Seller shall maintain such books and records for  examination and
copying by Buyer for a period of not less than six  (6) years following the
Closing Date or any longer period as  mandated by applicable Law, after
which, Seller may destroy such  records in its sole discretion. Access to
such records shall not  unreasonably interfere with the business operations
of Seller or any  of its successors.   57    SECTION 4.3 COMMERCIALLY
REASONABLE EFFORTS; ADDITIONAL ACTIONS. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall use their
respective commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
action, and to do or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the
other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including
using their respective commercially reasonable efforts to (i) effect promptly
all necessary or appropriate registrations and filings with Governmental
Entities (including filings under the HSR Act), (ii) effect promptly and
prosecute diligently (including responding to all requests for supplemental
information) all approvals, filings and/or notices required under any
applicable insurance laws for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and (iii) fulfill or cause the fulfillment of the conditions to
Closing set forth in Article V.   SECTION 4.4 NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN
MATTERS. (a) Seller shall give notice to Parent, and Parent and Buyer shall
give notice to Seller, promptly upon becoming aware of any occurrence, or
failure to occur of any event that, if existing or known at the date of this
Agreement, (i) would have been required to be set forth or described in the
Seller Disclosure Letter or (ii) which would reasonably be expected to cause
any representation or warranty in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate
in any material respect at any time after the date hereof and prior to the
Closing; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that for the purposes of the rights and
obligations of the parties hereunder, any such notice shall have no effect
for the purpose of determining the satisfaction of the conditions set forth
in Article V or for purposes of determining whether any Person is entitled to
indemnification pursuant to Article VII.   (b) Parent shall give notice to
Seller, promptly upon becoming aware of any occurrence, or failure to occur,
of any event that, if existing or known at the date of this Agreement, would
reasonably be expected to cause Parent\'s representation and warranty in
Section 3.6 of this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect at any time after the date hereof and prior to the Closing. Parent
shall also promptly provide Seller with copies of every material commitment
letter modification or material amendment and all other material notices or
correspondence with respect to the Financing.   SECTION 4.5 PUBLIC
ANNOUNCEMENTS. The initial press release or releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form agreed to by
Parent and Seller. Thereafter, for as long as this Agreement is in effect,
Parent and Buyer, on the one hand, and Seller, on the other hand, shall not,
and shall cause their subsidiaries and Affiliates not to, issue or cause the
publication of any press release or any other announcement (including without
limitation announcements to employees, agents or policyholders) with respect
to the transaction set forth in Section 1.1, this Agreement or the
other transactions contemplated hereby without the consent of the other,
except where such release or announcement is required by applicable Law or
pursuant to any listing agreement with, or the rules or regulations of, any
securities exchange or any other regulatory requirements, in which case the
party required to make the release or announcement shall allow the other
party reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance
of such issuance. Schedule 4.5 hereto sets forth the representatives of
Parent and Seller authorized to provide the consent contemplated by the
preceding sentence.   58    SECTION 4.6 CERTAIN EMPLOYEE MATTERS.   (a)
Seller and the Acquired Companies shall take such action as  is necessary
such that the Acquired Companies shall, as of the Closing  Date, cease being
"participating employers" and shall cease any  co-sponsorship and
participation in each Seller Plan that is jointly  adopted, sponsored or
maintained by Seller and an Acquired Company. Except  as otherwise expressly
provided in this Section 4.6, the Acquired Companies  shall have no further
liability and Seller shall retain all liabilities  with respect to claims
incurred under any such Seller Plan prior to the  Closing Date, whether such
claims are made prior to, on or after the  Closing Date. For this purpose
claims under any medical, dental, vision, or  prescription drug plan,
generally will be deemed to be incurred on the date  that the service giving
rise to such claim is performed and not when such  claim is made; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that with respect to claims relating to  hospitalization the claim
will be deemed to be incurred on the first day of  such hospitalization and
not on the date that such services are performed.  Claims for disability
under any long or short term disability plan shall be  incurred on the date
the employee or former employee is first absent from  work because of the
condition giving rise to such disability and not when  the employee or former
employee is determined to be eligible for benefits  under the applicable
Seller Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary  herein, Seller shall
retain all liabilities under all Seller Plans, except  as otherwise expressly
provided in Section 4.6. For the avoidance of doubt,  Seller shall retain all
liabilities with respect to equity or equity-based  awards under any Plan.
Seller shall provide any continuation coverage  required under Section 4980B
of the Code, Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or  applicable state Law ("COBRA") to
each "qualified beneficiary" as that term  is defined in COBRA whose first
"qualifying event" (as defined in COBRA)  occurs on or prior to the Closing
Date. The Acquired Companies shall retain  responsibility for all accrued but
unused vacation pay for each of their  respective Acquired Company Employees
(other than any Bank Channel  Employees who become Acquired Company
Employees). As soon as practicable,  but in any event within five (5)
Business Days following the Closing Date,  Seller shall provide Buyer with a
list setting forth, with respect to each  Acquired Company Employee (other
than any Bank Channel Employee who becomes  an Acquired Company Employee) the
number of days of accrued but unused  vacation as of the Closing Date.  
59    (b) For a period of one (1) year following the Closing Date,  Buyer
shall provide or cause to be provided to Acquired Company Employees  (other
than Randall Talbot, Roger Harbin and their respective management  direct
reports) who remain employees with Buyer and its Subsidiaries, (i) 
compensation that is comparable in the aggregate (without regard to any 
equity or equity-based compensation) to that provided to them immediately 
prior to Closing, PROVIDED that equity or equity-based compensation  provided
to such Acquired Company Employees prior to Closing shall be  disregarded in
determining whether compensation is comparable in the  aggregate; PROVIDED,
FURTHER, that Buyer in its sole discretion shall  determine the portion of
compensation to be provided to such Acquired  Company Employees that is in
the form of equity or equity-based  compensation (it being understood that
Buyer is under no obligation to  provide any equity or equity-based
compensation); PROVIDED, FURTHER, that  during such one (1) year period the
base salary of such Acquired Company  Employees shall not be less than that
in effect immediately prior to the  Closing and (ii) employee benefits
(including severance benefits but  excluding retiree health and life
benefits) that are comparable in the  aggregate to that provided to them
immediately prior to Closing.   (c) Effective as of the Closing Date, Buyer
or the Acquired  Companies shall adopt or otherwise provide a savings plan or
plans with a  cash or deferred arrangement that is qualified under Section
401(a) of the  Code pursuant to which the Acquired Company Employees may
participate  ("BUYER\'S RETIREMENT PLAN"). Acquired Company Employees who
are  participants in any Plan which is a retirement plan qualified under
Section  401(a) of the Code ("SELLER\'S RETIREMENT PLAN") shall be allowed
to  rollover their distributable benefits, including, to the extent
permitted  by Seller\'s Retirement Plans and Buyer\'s Retirement Plans, any
notes  representing participant loans, from Seller\'s Retirement Plans into
Buyer\'s  Retirement Plan. Seller shall fully vest (to the extent not already
fully  vested) as of the Closing each Acquired Company Employee in his or
her  accrued benefits under each Seller Retirement Plan.   (d) Seller shall
continue to provide retiree health and life  benefits to each former employee
of an Acquired Company who is eligible for  retiree health and life benefits
under any Seller Plan that is a group  health and life plan ("SELLER\'S
RETIREE PLANS") whose termination of  employment occurs on or prior to the
Closing Date. Following the Closing  Date, Buyer or the Acquired Companies
shall adopt a group health plan and  group term life plan in which the
Acquired Company Employees and their  dependents may participate ("BUYER\'S
GROUP WELFARE PLANS").   (e) For purposes of determining eligibility to
participate and  vesting (and for benefit accrual purposes in the case of
vacation and  severance plans) where length of service is relevant under any
employee  benefit plan or arrangement of Buyer and its subsidiaries (or of
Parent and  its subsidiaries, to the extent an Acquired Company Employee
shall become  eligible to participate therein), Acquired Company Employees
shall receive  service credit for service with Seller and any of its
Subsidiaries to the  same extent such service was credited under similar
employee benefit plans  and arrangements of Seller and its Subsidiaries;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that  such service need not be credited to the extent that
it would result in a  duplication of benefits.   60    (f) Parent,
Buyer, the Acquired Companies and their respective  Subsidiaries will (i) use
their commercially reasonable efforts to cause  any third party insurers to
waive, and will waive with respect to  self-insured benefits, all limitations
as to preexisting conditions,  exclusions and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage  requirements applicable to Acquired Company
Employees under any new welfare  benefit plans that such employees may be
eligible to participate in after  the Closing Date, other than limitations or
waiting periods that are  already in effect with respect to such employees
and that have not been  satisfied as of the Closing Date under any welfare
plan maintained for  Acquired Company Employees immediately prior to the
Closing Date, and (ii)  provide each Acquired Company Employee with credit
for any co-payments and  deductibles paid prior to the Closing Date in
respect of the year in which  the Closing occurs in satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket  requirements under any welfare plans for such
year that such employees are  eligible to participate in after the Closing
Date.   (g) No provision of this Section 4.6 shall create any third  party
beneficiary or other rights in any Acquired Company Employee or  former
employee (including any beneficiary or dependent thereof) of Seller  in
respect of continued employment (or resumed employment) with Buyer,  Parent
or their respective subsidiaries including the Acquired Companies  and no
provision of this Section 4.6 shall create any such rights in any  such
persons in respect of any benefits that may be provided, directly or 
indirectly, under any Plans or any such similar plan or arrangement which 
may be established by Parent, Buyer, or any of their respective  subsidiaries
for Acquired Company Employees.   (h) At least thirty (30) days prior to the
anticipated Closing  Date, Buyer shall identify in writing those Bank Channel
Employees that it  desires to employ after the Closing Date. Buyer shall
offer employment to  all such identified Bank Channel Employees upon such
terms and conditions  as it determines in its sole discretion (subject to
Buyer\'s obligations  under the other provisions of this Section 4.6) and
Seller shall cause  Talbot Financial, Inc. to terminate the employment of
such identified Bank  Channel Employees as of the Closing Date. Each
identified Bank Channel  Employee who accepts Buyer\'s offer of employment
shall be treated as an  Acquired Company Employee. With respect to each Bank
Channel Employee who  becomes an Acquired Company Employee, Buyer shall be
solely responsible for  any severance or similar benefits that may be
payable, if any, to such  Acquired Company Employee in respect of his or her
termination of  employment following the Closing with Buyer and its
Affiliates. Except as  set forth in the preceding sentence, any liability,
obligation or  commitment of Seller, GAC or any other Subsidiary of Seller or
GAC that  relates to, or that arises out of, the employment or the
termination of the  employment with any such person of any Bank Channel
Employee (including as  a result of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement) shall be the  responsibility of the Seller or such Subsidiary
(including any accrued but  unused vacation, severance or similar benefits
that may be payable, if any,  to Bank Channel Employees in respect of their
termination of employment  with Seller and its Affiliates as of the Closing)
and none of Parent, Buyer  or any Acquired Company shall have any liability
therefor.   61    SECTION 4.7 INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO. Seller shall cause
the investments of the Acquired Companies to be maintained, and shall not
permit any sales or other dispositions of investments, other than in the
ordinary course of business and in accordance with the Investment Guidelines.
From the date hereof to the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer,
within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each calendar month, a true
and correct list of (a) all investments constituting the Investment Portfolio
as of the end of such month, the issuer of such investments, the nominal
amount owned and the market value with respect to public investments (or book
value with respect to private investments) of such investments as of the end
of such month and (b) all investments sold or otherwise disposed of at any
time prior to the end of such month, the sale or disposition price, the
carrying value of such investments for statutory accounting purposes
immediately prior to the sale or disposition, and any gain or loss for
statutory accounting purposes.   SECTION 4.8 TAX MATTERS. The following
provisions shall govern the allocation of responsibility as between Buyer and
Seller for certain Tax matters:   (a) SELLER RESPONSIBILITY.   (i) Seller
will timely file the U.S. federal income Tax  Returns of the Affiliated Group
and any Combined Returns (taking  into account extensions thereto) for all
periods (including any  Pre-Closing Tax Period) and will pay any Taxes with
respect thereto.  The parties agree that they will treat the Acquired
Companies as if  they ceased to be part of the Affiliated Group, and any
comparable  or similar group of state, local or foreign laws or regulations,
as  of the close of business on the Closing Date. Seller will provide  Buyer
with copies of the separate company pro-forma portion  (including only
information related to the Acquired Companies) of  such Pre-Closing Tax
Period Tax Returns (other than Tax Returns  filed for estimated Tax payments)
filed after the Closing Date  pursuant to this Section 4.8(a)(i) within
fifteen (15) days after  filing of such Tax Returns.   (ii) Seller shall
prepare and timely file or shall cause to  be prepared and timely filed all
other Tax Returns of the Acquired  Companies due after the Closing Date for
Pre-Closing Tax Periods  that do not include a Straddle Period. Seller shall
permit Parent  and Buyer to review and comment on any Tax Return (other than
any  Tax Returns filed for estimated Tax payments) prepared pursuant to 
this Section 4.8(a)(ii).   (iii) All Tax Returns prepared pursuant to this
Section  4.8(a) shall be prepared on a basis consistent with the past 
practices of the Seller and the Acquired Companies and, if Seller  has a
choice between positions that are consistent with past  practices, Seller
shall act in a manner that does not distort  taxable income (E.G., by
deferring income or accelerating  deductions).   62    (b) BUYER
RESPONSIBILITY. Parent and Buyer shall prepare or  cause to be prepared and
filed or cause to be filed all Tax Returns of the  Acquired Companies that
relate to Post-Closing Tax Periods and Straddle  Periods. All Tax Returns
prepared pursuant to this Section 4.8(b) that  relate to Straddle Periods
shall be prepared on a basis consistent with the  past practices of the
Acquired Companies and, if Buyer has a choice between  positions that are
consistent with past practices, Buyer shall act in a  manner that does not
distort taxable income. Parent and Buyer shall permit  Seller to review and
comment on each such Tax Return that includes a  Pre-Closing Tax Period prior
to filing and shall make such revisions to  such Tax Returns as are
reasonably requested by Seller. The Seller shall  reimburse Buyer for any
Taxes attributable to the portion of the Straddle  Period related to the Pre-
Closing Tax Period not reserved or otherwise  expensed on the June Financial
Statements (other than interest or penalties  due solely to a failure or
delay in filing a required Tax Return or in  paying a required Tax not
otherwise caused by Seller) as soon as  practicable after the date paid by
the Buyer. Buyer shall reimburse Seller  for any Straddle Period Taxes
reserved or otherwise expensed on the June  Financial Statements (other than
interest or penalties solely from a  failure or delay in filing a required
Tax Return or in paying a required  Tax not otherwise caused by Seller) in
excess of the amount of Taxes  attributable to the portion of the Straddle
Period related to the  Pre-Closing Tax Period as soon as practicable after
the date paid by the  Buyer.   (c) STRADDLE PERIODS. For purposes of this
Agreement, in the  case of any Taxes that are imposed on a periodic basis
over a Straddle  Period, the portion of such Tax that relates to the Pre-
Closing Tax Period  shall be deemed to be the amount of such Tax for the
entire Straddle Period  multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is
the number of days in  the Tax period ending on the Closing Date and the
denominator of which is  the number of days in the entire Straddle Period. In
the case of any Tax  based upon income or receipts, the portion allocable to
the Pre-Closing Tax  Period shall include operations through the Closing Date
(i.e., with  respect to operations, based on an interim closing of the books
on the  Closing Date).   63    (d) TAX AUDITS OF CONSOLIDATED/COMBINED
RETURNS. Seller shall be  solely responsible for and shall control all
proceedings with respect to  any audit of the consolidated federal income Tax
Return of the Affiliated  Group and any Combined Returns or any Tax claim
relating to Taxes solely  with respect to a Pre-Closing Tax Period, PROVIDED,
that Seller shall  promptly furnish written notice to Buyer of such audit and
Buyer shall have  the right to provide non-binding advice to Seller, who
shall consult and  act in good faith with respect to such audit, in each
case, to the extent  the audit relates to the Acquired Companies. Without the
written consent of  Parent or Buyer, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, Seller shall not  settle any audit of a consolidated federal income
Tax Return of the  Affiliated Group or a Combined Return to the extent that
such return  related to the Acquired Companies in a manner which would 
disproportionately adversely affect the Acquired Companies after the  Closing
Date (e.g., a disproportionately adverse Tax treatment to the  Acquired
Companies after the Closing Date as compared to the effect to the  Acquired
Companies before the Closing Date) or if Seller favorably settles  a Tax
issue for members of the Affiliated Group other than the Acquired  Companies
in return for an adjustment that adversely affects the Acquired  Companies
only after the Closing Date, Seller shall be deemed to have  settled such Tax
issue in a manner which disproportionately adversely  affects the Acquired
Companies after the Closing Date). Otherwise, Seller  shall have the sole
discretion to settle any audit of a U.S. federal income  Tax Return of the
Affiliated Group or a Combined Return. Buyer shall  control all proceedings
with respect to all Tax audits or claims related  solely to a Post-Closing
Tax Period.   (e) TAX INDEMNITY PROCEDURES.   64    (i) Except as
otherwise provided, if (a) a claim for Taxes  is made against Parent or
Buyer, (b) Parent or Buyer intends to seek  indemnity with respect thereto
under Section 7.5 and (c) such claim  relates to Taxes with respect to a Pre-
Closing Tax Period (other  than a Straddle Period), Parent and Buyer shall
promptly furnish  written notice to Seller and GAC of such claim. Seller and
GAC shall  have the shorter of (x) forty-five (45) days after receipt of
such  notice or (y) fifteen (15) days less than the number of days before  a
response to the relevant taxing authority is required, but in no  event shall
Seller and GAC have less than fifteen (15) days, to  decide whether to
undertake, conduct, and control (through counsel  of its own choosing and at
its own expense) the settlement or  defense thereof, and Parent, Buyer and
the Acquired Companies and  their respective Affiliates shall cooperate with
it in connection  therewith. Seller and GAC shall permit Parent, Buyer and
the  Acquired Companies to participate in such settlement or defense 
through counsel chosen by Parent and Buyer (but the fees and  expenses of
such counsel shall be paid by Parent, Buyer or the  Acquired Companies).
Seller and GAC shall not pay or settle any such  claim without the prior
written consent of Buyer, which consent  shall not be unreasonably withheld
to the extent such settlement  adversely effects any Acquired Company in a
Post-Closing Tax Period.  If within the shorter of (x) forty-five (45) days
after the receipt  of Parent\'s or Buyer\'s notice of a claim of indemnity
hereunder or  (y) fifteen (15) days less than the number of days before a
response  to the relevant taxing authority is required, but in no event
shall  Seller and GAC have less than fifteen (15) days, Seller and GAC do 
not notify Parent and Buyer that Seller and GAC elect (at their cost  and
expense) to undertake the defense thereof, or gives such notice  and
thereafter fails to contest such claim in good faith or to  prevent action to
foreclose a lien against or attachment of Buyer\'s  property as contemplated
above, Parent and Buyer shall have the  right to contest, settle, or
compromise such claim and Parent and  Buyer shall not thereby waive any right
to indemnity for such claim  under this Agreement; provided, however, none of
Parent, Buyer or  the Acquired Companies shall pay or settle any such claim
without  the prior written consent of Seller and GAC, which consent shall
not  be unreasonably withheld.   (ii) If (a) a claim for Taxes is made
against Parent or  Buyer, (b) Parent or Buyer intends to seek indemnity with
respect  thereto under Section 7.5 and (c) such claim relates to a Straddle 
Period, Parent and Buyer shall promptly furnish written notice to  Seller and
GAC of such claim. Parent, Buyer and the Acquired  Companies shall undertake,
conduct, and control the settlement or  defense thereof. Parent, Buyer or the
Acquired Companies shall not  pay or settle any such claim without the prior
written consent of  Seller and GAC, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.   65    (f) Buyer and the Acquired Companies, on one hand, and
Seller,  on the other hand, shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent
reasonably  requested by the other, in connection with the filing of Tax
Returns  pursuant to this Section 4.8 and any audit, litigation or other
proceeding  with respect to Taxes. In that regard, Seller, Buyer and the
Acquired  Companies shall, at their own expense, maintain such Tax
information or Tax  records relating to the Acquired Companies as are
regularly maintained by  such party or as may be required by Law to be
maintained. Such Tax records  or Tax information shall be made available upon
written request by the  Seller or the Buyer or the Acquired Companies, as the
case may be, within  10 Business Days of such request. If the requesting
party, in its  reasonable judgment, shall determine that it is necessary that
any such Tax  records or Tax information be made available before 10 Business
Days from  such request, the other party shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to  make such Tax records or Tax information available (or cause such
Tax  records or Tax information to be made available) within such shorter 
period, but in no event upon less than two (2) Business Days\' prior written 
notice from the requesting party. Subject to the confidentiality 
requirements of Section 4.2(a), the non-requesting party shall, upon  request
by the requesting Party, promptly furnish the requesting party with  a copy
of such Tax records or Tax information. Notwithstanding the  foregoing,
Seller and Buyer shall only be obligated to provide that portion  of their
federal consolidated Tax Returns or Combined Tax Returns (and  accompanying
Tax records or Tax Returns) that directly relates to the  Acquired Companies.
In any event, the provision of access to such Tax  records or Tax information
shall not unreasonably interfere with the  business operations of the non-
requesting party.   (g) REFUNDS AND TAX BENEFITS. (i) Any income tax refunds
that  are received by Parent, Buyer or the Acquired Companies, and any
amounts  credited against Taxes to which Buyer or the Acquired Companies
become  entitled, that relate to Pre-Closing Tax Periods shall be for the
account  of Seller, and Buyer shall pay over to Seller any such refund or the
amount  of any such credit within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such
refund or  use of such credit. In addition, to the extent that a claim for
refund or a  proceeding results in a payment or credit against income Tax by
a taxing  authority to Parent, Buyer or the Acquired Companies of any amount
accrued  on the June Financial Statements, Buyer shall pay such amount to
Seller  within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such refund or use of
such  credit.  (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any cash refunds less
any associated costs (including, but not limited to, administrative costs, an
adverse economic impact (including the economic impact of an adverse
accounting treatment) and additional Taxes) from the carryback of capital
losses of the Acquired Companies shall be for the account of Buyer to the
extent that such refunds are attributable to a Tax period beginning after the
Closing Date (or the portion of any Straddle Period that begins after the
Closing Date). Seller shall pay such cash received by Seller to Buyer within
fifteen (15) days after the receipt of such cash refund. For the avoidance of
doubt, Buyer shall be entitled to such cash refund under this Section
4.8(g)(ii) solely to the extent that such cash refund (taking into account
only capital loss carrybacks of the Acquired Companies after the Closing
Date) is greater than the sum of (a) the refund that would have resulted had
there been no such carryback and (b) any costs incurred by Seller as a result
of such carryback. In the event Seller\'s use of the carryback of such losses
is disallowed after the payment to Buyer by   66   Seller under this
Section 4.8(g)(ii) or Seller is able to carryback its own capital losses,
Seller shall notify Buyer of the portion of the tax refund not allowed to
Seller or that is deemed replaced by Seller\'s capital losses and Buyer shall
reimburse Seller for the amount allocable to Buyer within 15 days of such
notice. To the extent that Seller receives any Tax benefit as a result of the
carryback of capital losses of the Acquired Companies in respect of
which Buyer has not received payment pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentences, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to the economic benefit
of such Tax benefit (less any associated costs) within 15 days of utilizing
such Tax benefit, subject to reimbursement as set forth in this Section
4.8(g)(ii). To the extent the amount of any refund or Tax benefit is reduced
by associated costs pursuant to this Section 4.8(g)(ii) (including a later
request for reimbursement of such costs), Seller shall provide Buyer with a
description of such associated costs.   (h) AMENDED RETURNS AND REFUND
CLAIMS. Parent and Buyer shall  not file an amended Tax Return or any claim
for refund for any Pre-Closing  Tax Period without the written consent of
Seller, which consent shall not  be unreasonably withheld. Any carryback of
losses or credits to any period  ending on or prior to the Closing Date shall
be subject to Section 4.8(g).   (i) TAX SHARING AGREEMENTS. Any Tax sharing
agreement or similar  arrangement, agreement or practice between any of the
Acquired Companies  and any other Person (including Seller) is terminated as
of the Closing  Date and shall have no further effect for any taxable year
(whether the  current year, a future year or a past year).   (j) NO FOREIGN
STATUS. Seller shall deliver to Buyer at closing a certificate certifying
that the transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from withholding under
Section 1445 of the Code.   SECTION 4.9 CONSENTS.   (a) To the extent that
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by this Agreement requires
the consent or approval of another  party to any Contract or Other Agreement
with an Acquired Company  (including, if applicable, any consent required
from a financier pursuant  to a 12b-1 financing arrangement between such
financier and any of the  Registered Investment Companies), Seller shall use
its commercially  reasonable efforts to obtain, and to cause GAC and the
Acquired Companies,  to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, such
consents or  approvals. Seller agrees to cooperate with Buyer and use
commercially  reasonable efforts to cause each Registered Investment Company
that is a  management investment company to enter into an "interim advisory
contract"  within the meaning of, and pursuant to, Rule 15a-4 under the
Investment  Company Act, if necessary.   67    (b) Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Seller  shall, as promptly as practicable, cause
the Acquired Companies to (i) use  their commercially reasonable efforts to
cause (A) the consideration and  due approval by the Investment Company Board
of each Registered Investment  Company having such a Board at a duly called
meeting of such Board and (B)  to the extent required by the Investment
Company Act, the consideration and  due approval by such Registered
Investment Company\'s shareholders or  unitholders at a duly called meeting
of such shareholders, of (x) a new  Investment Company Advisory Agreement
(or, where permitted, approval of  continuation of the existing Investment
Company Advisory Agreement) with  the same investment adviser, to become
effective upon the Closing, (y)  where applicable, an amended Rule 12b-1
distribution plan, in each case on  the same material terms as in effect on
the date hereof, (z) where  applicable, new sub-advisory, fund
accounting/administration and transfer  agency agreements and (aa) at the
Buyer\'s sole discretion, the approval of  new independent trustees
reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer to the  Investment Company Board of each
Registered Investment Company having such  a Board, (ii) use their
commercially reasonable efforts to cause each  Registered Investment Company
to prepare and file with the SEC and all  other Governmental Entities having
jurisdiction thereover, as promptly as  practicable after the date hereof,
all proxy solicitation materials  required to be distributed to shareholders
or unitholders of such  Registered Investment Company with respect to the
actions recommended for  their approval by the Investment Company Boards,
(iii) use their  commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Registered
Investment Company  to respond promptly to any comments made by the SEC and
all other  Governmental Entities having jurisdiction thereover, with respect
to the  proxy solicitation materials, and (iv) use their commercially
reasonable  efforts, promptly after the completion of the actions described
in clauses  (ii) and (iii) above, to mail such proxy solicitation materials
to such  shareholders or unitholders and cause to be submitted to a meeting
of  shareholders or unitholders of such Registered Investment Company as
soon  as practicable after such mailing the proposals described in clause
(i),  above, all such consents and such proxy solicitation to be in form
and  substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and in compliance with
Section  2.21(b)(x).   (c) Parent and Buyer shall provide such information
and data as  may be reasonably requested by Seller for inclusion in the
proxy  solicitation materials referred to in Section 4.9(b). Such information
and  data shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact, or omit
to  state any material fact required to make the statements therein, in
light  of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.  
SECTION 4.10 INVESTMENT COMPANY MATTERS.   (a) Prior to the Closing, each of
the parties hereto shall use  its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
compliance with Section 15(f)  of the Investment Company Act, so that the
transaction set forth in Section  1.1 will be in compliance at the Closing
with such Section 15(f),  including, to assure that on the Closing Date at
least seventy-five percent  (75%) of the board of directors or trustees of
each Registered Investment  Company are not "interested persons" (as defined
in the Investment Company  Act) of the Acquired Companies, Parent or
Buyer.   68    (b) Following Closing, Parent and Buyer agree to use
their  commercially reasonable efforts to assure compliance with the
conditions of  Section 15(f) of the Investment Company Act with respect to
any Registered  Investment Company. Without limiting the foregoing, Buyer
agrees that: (i)  for a period of at least three (3) years after the Closing
Date, Buyer  shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause at least
seventy-five  percent (75%) of the members of the board of directors or
trustees of each  Registered Investment Company not to be "interested
persons" (as defined in  the Investment Company Act) of Buyer (or an
Affiliate of Buyer which acts  as adviser or subadviser to the Registered
Investment Companies), or of the  predecessor investment adviser of the
relevant Registered Investment  Company; and (ii) for a period of at least
two (2) years after the Closing  Date, Buyer (or any Affiliate of Buyer which
acts as adviser to any  Registered Investment Company), shall use
commercially reasonable efforts  not to impose, or have any express or
implied understanding, arrangement or  intention to impose, an "unfair
burden" on such Registered Investment  Company (as such term is interpreted
under the Investment Company Act) as a  result of the transactions
contemplated herein. For the purposes of clause  (i) above, "commercially
reasonable efforts" means that the Buyer:   (i) causes to be distributed to
the trustees of each  Registered Investment Company that enters into a new
Investment  Company Advisory Agreement with Safeco Asset Management on at
least  an annual basis, a questionnaire containing questions reasonably 
designed to elicit information pertaining to the status of such  directors as
"interested persons" (for purposes of Section  15(f)(1)(A) of the Investment
Company Act) of Buyer or its  Affiliates or of Seller or its Affiliates
(collectively, the  "RELEVANT ENTITIES");   (ii) requests the members of
the board of trustees of each  Registered Investment Company that enters into
a new Investment  Company Advisory Agreement with Safeco Asset Management to
promptly  notify Buyer of any change in their status under Section
15(f)(1)(A)  of the Investment Company Act; and   (iii) at such time as it
learns of a change in the status of  a trustee that would cause more than 25%
of the members of the board  of trustees of any Registered Investment Company
that enters into a  new Investment Company Advisory Agreement with Safeco
Asset  Management to be "interested persons" of Relevant Entities, takes 
reasonable steps to correct such situation as promptly as  practicable,
including causing any trustees affiliated with Buyer or  any of its
Affiliates to resign from the board of trustees of such  Registered
Investment Company to the extent required to correct such  situation.  
69    (c) Prior to the Closing, Seller shall use, and shall cause GAC  and
the Acquired Companies to use, subject to any fiduciary duties to the 
Registered Investment Companies, their commercially reasonable efforts to 
ensure that the Registered Investment Companies take no action that would 
(i) prevent any Registered Investment Company from qualifying as a 
"regulated investment company," within the meaning of Section 851 of the 
Code or (ii) be inconsistent with any Registered Investment Company\'s 
prospectus or other offering document and other offering, advertising and 
marketing materials. Prior to the Closing, Seller shall use, and shall  cause
GAC and the Acquired Companies to use, subject to any fiduciary  duties to
the Separate Accounts, their commercially reasonable efforts to  ensure that
neither any Separate Account nor any Insurance Subsidiary with  respect to a
Separate Account, takes any action that would be inconsistent  with the
Separate Account\'s prospectus or other offering document and other 
offering, advertising and marketing materials.   (d) Seller will deliver to
the Buyer at the same time as the  filing thereof a complete copy of each SEC
Document filed by each  Investment Adviser Subsidiary on or after the date
hereof and on or prior  to the Closing Date.   (e) For purposes of this
Section 4.10, "Registered Investment  Company" will not include any
Registered Separate Account.   (f) In the event that Buyer or any Affiliate
of Buyer (including  the Acquired Companies after the Closing) acts as agent
or representative  of any regulated investment company within the meaning of
Section 851 of  the Code with respect to any Tax matter relating to any Tax
period ending  prior to or including the Closing Date, then, to the extent
permissible,  Buyer shall (i) promptly provide Seller with written notice of
the  circumstances relating to such matter and copies of all relevant 
correspondence and documents, (ii) consult with Seller regarding the proper 
resolution of such matter and (iii) upon Seller\'s written notice, permit 
Seller to the greatest extent possible to assume responsibility for and 
control such matter (it being understood that Seller shall not have control 
of such matter unless Seller in its written notice acknowledges its 
responsibility to indemnify Buyer pursuant to Section 7.5 for any Losses 
that arise out of such matter, as mitigated or increased by Seller\'s 
control of such matter; it being further understood that, notwithstanding 
Seller\'s written notice, Buyer may continue to control the matter to the 
extent and if required or directed to do so by applicable law or any 
applicable judicial or administrative authority, and if Buyer has given 
Seller a reasonable opportunity (to the extent practical taking into  account
the exigencies of the situation) to cooperate with Buyer in  approaching the
applicable authority with the objective of persuading such  authority that
Seller may maintain control over such matter). Buyer shall  cooperate with,
and take such actions reasonably requested by, Seller in  implementing this
provision and shall be entitled to reimbursement from  Seller for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Buyer in  providing such
cooperation. The procedures contained in this Section  4.10(f) are in
addition to those set forth in Section 7.4.   70    (g) In the case of
any breach or potential breach of any  representation made by Seller in
Sections 2.19(d)(ii), 2.22(c) or 2.22(d)  (which shall include, but not be
limited to, any proposed action to  mitigate any potential Losses from the
breach or potential breach of such  representations and warranties) for which
any Buyer Indemnified Party would  be entitled to indemnity pursuant to
Section 7.5, Seller shall have the  right (before Buyer or Parent notifies
the IRS, any Policy Owner or any  person other than the Seller of such breach
or potential breach or takes  any action to remedy such potential breach,
mitigate any potential Losses  therefrom or make any claim under this
Agreement therefor, except that  Buyer or Parent may make any such
notification or take any such action if  (x) required or directed to do so by
applicable law or any applicable  judicial or administrative authority and
(y) after notifying Seller of the  notification or action that Buyer is so
required or directed to take and  giving Seller a reasonable opportunity (to
the extent practical taking into  account the exigencies of the situation) to
cooperate with Buyer in  approaching the applicable authority with the
objective of persuading such  authority that such notification or action is
not necessary, the Buyer  continues to be required or directed to make such
notification or take such  action):   (i) to be notified in writing by
Buyer or Parent of such  breach or potential breach, if Seller has not
previously notified  Buyer in writing of such breach or potential breach;  
(ii) within 30 days after such a written notice about such  potential breach,
to notify Buyer in writing that Seller proposes to  develop, at Seller\'s
expense, a plan to remediate or mitigate any  potential adverse Tax
consequences or Losses resulting from such  potential breach (a "REMEDIATION
PLAN"), which may or may not  involve corrective proceedings with the IRS (it
being understood  that Seller shall not have exclusive control over the
development  and implementation of the Remediation Plan unless Seller in
such  notice acknowledges its responsibility to indemnify Buyer pursuant  to
Section 7.5 for any Losses that in fact ultimately result from  such breach
or potential breach, as mitigated or increased by the  implementation of the
Remediation Plan);   (iii) to have exclusive control over the development
and  implementation of such a Remediation Plan;   (iv) to have a reasonable
time (not to exceed six (6)  months) to develop such a Remediation Plan;
and   (v) to have a reasonable time (not to exceed twelve (12)  months) to
implement such a Remediation Plan after Seller notifies  Buyer in writing
that it has been developed, which reasonable time  shall be extended for any
corrective proceedings with the IRS and  any corrective time period allowed
by the IRS and any time period  during which Buyer and Seller have any
reasonable disagreement about  such implementation or during which Buyer is
acting unreasonably.   Buyer and Parent shall reasonably cooperate with
Seller (and cause the appropriate Insurance Subsidiary to cooperate) in
taking any corrective action under such   71   Remediation Plan,
including the preparation and filing of any documents for any IRS corrective
proceedings, and shall be entitled to reimbursement from Seller for all
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Buyer or Parent in providing
such cooperation. The procedures contained in this Section 4.10(g) are in
addition to those set forth in Section 7.4. For avoidance of doubt, in
the event that the development or implementation of any Remediation Plan has
the effect of increasing the Losses incurred by any Buyer Indemnified Party
as a result of any breach of any representation made by Seller in
Sections 2.19(d)(ii), 2.22(c) or 2.22(d), the appropriate Buyer Indemnified
Party shall be entitled to indemnification with respect to such Losses in
such increased amount under Section 7.5.   SECTION 4.11 PROSPECTUS STICKER.
As promptly as practicable on or after the date of this Agreement, Seller
will cause, at its own expense, the preparation and filing on behalf of each
Registered Investment Company of a prospectus sticker or amendment in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and Seller for the purpose of
describing the proposed changes to the operations of such Registered
Investment Company as contemplated by this Agreement, including the new
Investment Company Advisory Agreement and any proposed new trustees or
directors.   SECTION 4.12 ADVISORY AGREEMENTS. Unless otherwise previously
agreed to by Parent, each Investment Adviser Subsidiary shall notify each of
its Clients, subject to Section 4.9 with respect to the Registered Investment
Companies, of the transaction set forth in Section 1.1 and shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, prior to the Closing Date, the
consent of each such Client to the "assignment" (as such term is used in the
Investment Advisers Act) of its Advisory Agreement as a result of the
transaction set forth in Section 1.1 in accordance with the Investment
Advisers Act, which consent, other than with respect to Clients that are
Registered Investment Companies, may be obtained in accordance with the so-
called "negative consent" or "no objection received" process permitted under
interpretations of the consent process by the SEC. Seller shall cooperate and
consult with Parent regarding material written communications with Clients
concerning the obtaining of such consents.   SECTION 4.13 INTERCOMPANY
OBLIGATIONS. At least two (2) Business Days before June 30, 2004, Seller will
furnish Buyer with a complete list and description of all liabilities and
receivables between the Acquired Companies and Seller or any other Affiliate
of Seller (including any liability or reserves of the Acquired Companies
under any Tax allocation or Tax sharing agreement) which would otherwise be
outstanding on the Closing Date. Except as specifically provided below with
respect to Tax sharing agreements, or as otherwise expressly contemplated in
this Agreement, all such liabilities will be paid in full at or before June
30, 2004. On June 30, 2004, Seller will terminate and will cause
its Affiliates to terminate each contract, other than Related Contracts,
between or among the Acquired Companies and Seller or any other Affiliate of
Seller based on a good faith estimate of amounts owed as of that date, and
Buyer and Seller agree to each make appropriate payment by August 15, 2004 as
required to settle any differences between the good faith estimates and
actual amounts owed between the Acquired Companies and Seller or any other
Affiliate of Seller. Buyer and Seller agree that from July 1, 2004 through
the Closing, the services to be provided from Seller to the Acquired
Companies shall be provided by Seller (or a Subsidiary of Seller) to the
Acquired Companies on the same terms and conditions (including pricing) as
are currently being provided.   72    SECTION 4.14 NAMES.   (a)
Notwithstanding any inference contained herein or prior  course of conduct to
the contrary, except as expressly provided in the  Transitional Trademark
License, the Buyer Intellectual Property License or  the IP Side Letters, in
no event shall Buyer or any of its Affiliates  (including without limitation
the Acquired Companies) have any right to  use, nor shall Buyer or any of its
Affiliates (including without limitation  the Acquired Companies) use, any of
the corporate names, trade names,  service marks, logos, designs, acronyms,
domain names, vanity telephone  numbers or other Proprietary Rights of Seller
or any of its Affiliates in  any jurisdiction, including without limitation
the names and service marks  "SAFECO," "SAFECO NOW" and any other name, mark
or telephone number  containing the word "SAFE" (including, as applicable the
corporate or trade  names of the Acquired Companies), or any application or
registration  therefore, owned by, licensed to or used by Seller or any of
its  Affiliates, or any other name, mark, logo, design, acronym, domain name
or  vanity telephone number containing the word "SAFE" or that is
confusingly  similar to the corporate names, trade names, service marks,
logos, designs,  acronyms, domain names or vanity telephone numbers of Seller
or any of its  Affiliates. Except as expressly provided in the Transitional
Trademark  License, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date,
Buyer  shall cause the Acquired Companies to change their names, and file
the  appropriate documents with the relevant governmental agencies to
effectuate  such change of names, to the extent necessary to remove such
corporate  names, trade names, service marks, logos or acronyms (i) of Seller
and its  Affiliates or (ii) containing the word "SAFE." Following the Closing
Date,  other than as expressly set forth in the Transitional Trademark
License,  the Buyer Intellectual Property License or the IP Side Letters, no
license  or other agreement to use any corporate names, trade names, service
marks,  logos, designs, acronyms, domain names, vanity telephone numbers or
other  Proprietary Right of Seller or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed
to  exist between Seller, or any of its Affiliates, and any of the Acquired 
Companies by operation of law, past practice or otherwise, and any such 
license or other agreement currently in effect shall terminate at Closing.  
(b) The parties hereto acknowledge that any damage caused to  Seller or any
of its Affiliates by reason of the breach by Buyer or any of  its Affiliates
of this Section 4.14 would cause irreparable harm that could  not be
adequately compensated for in monetary damages alone; therefore,  each party
agrees that, in addition to any other remedies at law or  otherwise, Seller
and any of its Affiliates shall be entitled to an  injunction issued by a
court of competent jurisdiction restraining and  enjoining any violation by
Buyer or any of its Affiliates of this Section  4.14 and Buyer further agrees
that it will stipulate to the fact that  Seller or any of its Affiliates, as
applicable, has been irreparably harmed  by such violation and not oppose the
granting of such injunctive relief.   73    SECTION 4.15 ASSET SALE. (a)
Seller agrees that prior to Closing, the Acquired Companies will sell to
Seller or a third party designated by Seller or on the open market up to $225
million in Fair Value of the assets (as specified in writing to Seller prior
to March 31, 2004) identified on Schedule 4.15 (the "SOLD ASSETS"). Buyer and
Seller acknowledge that any and all accounting effect of the asset sales
described in this Section 4.15(a) shall be excluded from the calculation of
June Adjusted Statutory Book Value for purposes of Section 1.4, regardless of
whether such impact would have the effect of increasing or decreasing June
Adjusted Statutory Book Value. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding
sentence will be interpreted to mean that June Adjusted Statutory Book Value
will be calculated as if the sale of the Sold Assets never occurred.   (b)
With regard to the Sold Assets, (i) if the Sale Price of the Sold Assets
exceeds the Fair Value of the Sold Assets, then 65% of any excess of (A) the
Sale Price of the Sold Assets over (B) the Fair Value of the Sold Assets will
be paid by the applicable Acquired Companies to Seller within five
(5) Business Days after the sale of all the Sold Assets is completed and (ii)
if the Fair Value of the Sold Assets exceeds the Sale Price of the Sold
Assets, then 65% of any excess of (A) the Fair Value of the Sold Assets over
(B) the Sale Price of the Sold Assets will be paid by Seller to the
applicable Acquired Companies within five (5) Business Days after the sale of
all the Sold Assets is completed. Buyer and Seller acknowledge that any and
all accounting effect of any payment described in this Section 4.15(b) shall
be excluded from the calculation of June Adjusted Statutory Book Value for
purposes of Section 1.4, regardless of whether such impact would have the
effect of increasing or decreasing June Adjusted Statutory Book Value. For
the avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence will be interpreted to mean
that June Adjusted Statutory Book Value will be calculated as if no such
payment ever occurred. Any intercompany obligations relating to the payments
required pursuant to this Section 4.15(b) shall be exempted from the covenant
to unwind intercompany obligations set forth in Section 4.13.   SECTION
4.16 OTHER TRANSACTIONS. From the date of this Agreement to the earlier of
(i) the termination of this Agreement and (ii) the Closing, none of Seller,
any Subsidiary of Seller or any other Affiliate of Seller shall, nor shall
they permit any of their respective agents, directors, officers, employees,
advisors (including their financial, legal and accounting advisors) or other
representatives to, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit, initiate or
participate in discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information
or assistance to, or enter into any agreement with, any Person or group
(other than Buyer and its representatives), concerning any
merger, consolidation, sale of securities, share exchange or any other
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction
involving the Acquired Companies or any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or
other disposition of over 5% of the assets of the Acquired Companies, it
being understood that this covenant shall not apply to any securities held in
the Investment Portfolio. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood
that any violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by
any officer, director, stockholder or other representative of Seller, any
Subsidiary of Seller or any other Affiliate of Seller, whether or not such
person is purporting to act on behalf of Seller, any Subsidiary of Seller,
any other affiliate of Seller or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a breach of
this Section 4.16 by Seller. From the date of this Agreement to the earlier
of (i) the termination of this Agreement and (ii) the Closing, in the event
that Seller any Subsidiary of Seller or any other Affiliate of Seller
receives a proposal relating to any such transaction, Seller shall promptly
notify Buyer of such proposal and deliver a copy of such proposal to
Buyer.   74    SECTION 4.17 RESIGNATIONS. On the Closing Date, Seller
shall cause to be delivered to Buyer (i) duly signed resignations (from the
applicable board of directors), effective immediately after the Closing, of
all directors of each Acquired Company and (ii) to the extent requested by
Buyer, duly signed resignations of those persons who are interested persons
(as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act) of an Investment
Adviser Subsidiary and serve as directors or trustees of Registered
Investment Companies advised by an Investment Adviser Subsidiary or
Registered Separate Accounts maintained by an Insurance Subsidiary, and shall
take such other action as is necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  
SECTION 4.18 FURTHER ASSURANCES. From time to time, as and when requested by
any party, each party shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed
and delivered, all such documents and instruments and shall take, or cause to
be taken, all such further or other actions (subject to Section 4.3), as such
other party may reasonably deem necessary or desirable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents. Such actions shall include (i) in the case of Seller and GAC, (A)
executing and delivering to Buyer such assignments, deeds, bills of sale,
consents and other instruments as Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request
as necessary or desirable for such purpose and (B) reasonably cooperating
with Buyer in its initial preparation of audited financial statements of the
Acquired Companies for Exchange Act filing purposes and (ii) in the case of
Buyer, (A) reasonably cooperating with Seller in the initial preparation of
the June Financial Statements and (B) using commercially reasonable efforts
to facilitate the making of the Excess Capital Dividend.   SECTION 4.19 NO
SOLICITATION.   (a) For a period of three (3) years from the Closing,
Seller  shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, directly or
indirectly,  solicit for employment or employ any Business Employee, without
the prior  written consent of Buyer; PROVIDED, that: (i) the placing of an 
advertisement of a position available to a member of the public generally, 
and the hiring of any Business Employee in response to such an  advertisement
shall not constitute a breach of this Section 4.19(a); and  (ii) this
obligation shall not prevent Seller or any of its Subsidiaries  from
employing, mandating or otherwise engaging any Business Employee (A)  whose
employment with Buyer or its relevant Subsidiaries has been  terminated by
Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) who has resigned from  employment
with Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such  employee has not
been contacted by or engaged in any discussions with  Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries regarding employment prior to such  employee\'s notifying his or
her employer of his or her intent to resign.   75    (b) For a period of
three (3) years from the Closing, Buyer  shall not, and shall cause its
Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly,  solicit for employment or
employ any employee of Seller or its  Subsidiaries, without the prior written
consent of Seller; PROVIDED, that:  (i) the placing of an advertisement of a
position available to a member of  the public generally, and the hiring of
any employee of Seller or its  Subsidiaries in response to such an
advertisement shall not constitute a  breach of this Section 4.19(b); and
(ii) this obligation shall not prevent  Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries from
employing, mandating or otherwise  engaging any employee of Seller or its
Subsidiaries (A) whose employment  with Seller or its relevant Subsidiaries
has been terminated by Seller or  any of its Subsidiaries or (B) who has
resigned from employment with Seller  or any of its Subsidiaries, provided
that such employee has not been  contacted by or engaged in any discussions
with Buyer or any of its  Subsidiaries regarding employment prior to such
employee\'s notifying his or  her employer of his or her intent to
resign.   SECTION 4.20 NON-COMPETITION.   (a) For a period of five (5)
years from the Closing, Seller  shall not, and shall cause each of its
Affiliates not to, (i) directly or  indirectly, develop, market or sell
products in the United States similar  in type to the Life and Annuity
Contracts and the type of products sold by  the Investment Adviser
Subsidiaries or Broker/Dealer Subsidiaries  immediately prior to the Closing
Date, (ii) establish in the United States  any new business which engages in
the activities described in the preceding  clause (i) or (iii) license,
transfer or otherwise convey in the United  States any trademark of Seller or
any of its Affiliates used by the  Acquired Companies prior to the Closing to
any person that has indicated an  intention to or is reasonably likely to
engage in such activities (the  activities described in clauses (i)-(iii),
"COMPETITIVE ACTIVITIES").   76    (b) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this  Section 4.20, Buyer hereby agrees that the
foregoing covenant shall not be  deemed to be breached as a result of: (i)
the development, marketing or  sale of products of a type not sold by the
Acquired Companies (including  the Investment Adviser Subsidiaries and
Broker/Dealer Subsidiaries) at the  time of the Closing; (ii) Competitive
Activities conducted by Talbot  Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries at
the time of the Closing;  (iii) any activities (whether Competitive
Activities or otherwise) by any  Person or business that merges with or
acquires Seller or any of its  Affiliates or any interest in either, whether
through merger (whether  forward, reverse or reverse triangular in
structure), stock purchase, asset  purchase or otherwise, so long as for the
first year following the  consummation of any such transaction, the directors
of the Seller and its  Affiliates (or any Persons designated by the Seller or
its Affiliates) do  not constitute a majority of the board of directors of
the acquirer or the  surviving company; (iv) the acquisition by Seller or its
Affiliates of any  Person or business that is engaged in Competitive
Activities, so long as  the Competitive Activities accounted for less than
35% of the consolidated  revenues of such Person or business for the 12
months prior to such  acquisition; or (v) the ownership by Seller or any of
its Affiliates of (A)  less than an aggregate of 5% of any class of stock of
a Person engaged,  directly or indirectly, in Competitive Activities;
PROVIDED, that such  stock is listed on a national securities exchange or is
quoted on the  National Market System of NASDAQ; (B) less than 5% in value of
any  instrument of indebtedness of a Person engaged, directly or indirectly,
in  Competitive Activities; or (C) a Person or any interest in a Person
that  engages, directly or indirectly, in Competitive Activities if such 
Competitive Activities account for less than 35% of such Person\'s 
consolidated annual revenues.   (c) The parties hereto acknowledge that any
damage caused to  Buyer or any of its Affiliates by reason of the breach by
Seller or any of  its Affiliates of this Section 4.20 would cause irreparable
harm that could  not be adequately compensated for in monetary damages alone;
therefore,  each party agrees that, in addition to any other remedies at law
or  otherwise, Buyer and any of its Affiliates shall be entitled to an 
injunction issued by a court of competent jurisdiction restraining and 
enjoining any violation by Seller or any of its Affiliates of this Section 
4.20 and Seller further agrees that it will stipulate to the fact that  Buyer
or any of its Affiliates, as applicable, has been irreparably harmed  by such
violation and not oppose the granting of such injunction relief.   SECTION
4.21 ASSIGNMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS. Prior to or at the Closing,
Seller shall cause any confidentiality agreements entered into by Seller or
any of its Affiliates since September 1, 2003 relating to the
Acquired Companies or any properties, assets, liabilities or activities of
any Acquired Company in connection with a sale or disposition that are not
agreements to which an Acquired Company is a party, to be assigned to an
Acquired Company unless expressly prohibited by the terms of such
confidentiality agreement.   77    SECTION 4.22 ACTIONS AFFECTING JUNE
ADJUSTED STATUTORY BOOK VALUE. After the Closing, neither Buyer nor Parent
will take or fail to take any action or permit any Acquired Company to take
or fail to take any action, in each case for the purpose of either (i)
shifting statutory income or surplus from the period before June 30, 2004 to
the period following June 30, 2004 or (ii) decreasing statutory income or
surplus with the intent of decreasing the June Adjusted Statutory Book Value
or decreasing the Closing Consideration to the detriment of Seller.  
ARTICLE V.  CONDITIONS   SECTION 5.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY\'S
OBLIGATIONS. The respective obligations of each party to effect the
transactions set forth in Section 1.1 shall be subject to the fulfillment or
waiver at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:   (a) no
Law, Order or other legal restraint or prohibition  enacted, entered,
promulgated or enforced by any Governmental Entity  (collectively,
"RESTRAINTS") shall be pending, threatened or in effect  challenging or
seeking to restrain, prevent or prohibit the consummation of  the
transactions contemplated in this Agreement;   (b) all material consents,
authorizations, orders and approvals  of (or filings or registrations with)
any Governmental Entity required in  connection with the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement  or necessary for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated in this  Agreement shall have been obtained or made
(as the case may be), except for  any documents required to be filed after
the Closing; and   (c) any waiting period applicable to the transaction set
forth  in Section 1.1 under the HSR Act shall have expired or been
terminated.   SECTION 5.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF PARENT AND BUYER. The
obligation of Parent and Buyer to effect the transactions set forth in
Section 1.1 shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver at the Closing of
the following additional conditions:   (a) Seller and GAC shall have
performed or complied with in all  material respects all covenants and
obligations that are required to be  performed or complied with by them under
this Agreement on or prior to the  Closing;   (b) each of the
representations and warranties of Seller and GAC  in this Agreement
(disregarding all qualifications and exceptions therein  relating to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect) shall be true and  correct as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as if  they were made on
and as of the Closing Date (other than such  representations and warranties
that expressly address matters only as of a  certain date, which need only be
true and correct as of such certain date),  except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be true  and correct, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be  expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on the Acquired Companies,  taken as a whole;   78    (c)
Parent shall have received certificates signed by the chief  executive
officer and chief financial officer of Seller to the effect of  Sections
5.2(a) and (b);   (d) Seller shall have executed and delivered each of the 
Transaction Documents; and   (e) Parent and Buyer shall have received
proceeds from sources  of Financing in an amount sufficient to pay the
Closing Consideration and  to pay all fees and expenses required to be paid
by Parent and Buyer in  connection with the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement and the  other Transaction Documents.   SECTION 5.3 CONDITIONS TO
OBLIGATION OF SELLER AND GAC. The obligation of Seller and GAC to effect the
transactions set forth in Section 1.1 shall be subject to the fulfillment or
waiver at the Closing of the following additional conditions:   (a) Parent
and Buyer shall have performed or complied with in  all material respects all
covenants and obligations that are required to be  performed or complied with
by them under this Agreement on or prior to the  Closing;   (b) each of the
representations and warranties of Parent and  Buyer in this Agreement
(disregarding all qualifications and exceptions  therein relating to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect) shall be true  and correct as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as  if they were made on
and as of the Closing Date (other than such  representations and warranties
that expressly address matters only as of a  certain date, which need only be
true and correct as of such certain date),  except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be true  and correct, individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be  expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent or Buyer;   (c) Seller shall have received a
certificate signed by the chief  executive officer and chief financial
officer of each of Parent and Buyer  to the effect of Sections 5.3(a) and
(b);   (d) at the Closing Date: (i) at least seventy-five percent (75%)  of
the members of the Investment Company Boards of any Registered  Investment
Company which has approved a new investment advisory contract  shall not be
"interested persons" (as such term is defined in the  Investment Company Act)
of that Acquired Company Subsidiary that will act  as investment adviser to
such Investment Companies following the Closing  Date, or the Acquired
Companies or of any of their Affiliates that was the  investment adviser of
any such Investment Company immediately preceding the  Closing Date; and (ii)
the requirements of Section 15(f)(1)(B) of the  Investment Company Act shall
have been complied with in that no "unfair  burden" shall have been imposed
on any of the Registered Investment  Companies that are management investment
companies as a result of this  Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereunder, new Investment Company  Advisory Agreements or otherwise; and  
(e) Parent and/or Buyer, as applicable, shall have executed and  delivered
each of the Transaction Documents.   79    ARTICLE VI.  TERMINATION  
SECTION 6.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated and
the transactions set forth in Section 1.1 contemplated hereby may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:   (a) by the mutual written
consent of Parent, Buyer and Seller;   (b) by Parent, Buyer or Seller, if a
court of competent  jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity shall have
issued an Order or  taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise  prohibiting the transactions set forth in Section 1.1 and such
Order or  other action shall have become final and nonappealable;   (c) by
Parent or Buyer, if Seller or GAC shall have materially  breached or failed
to perform any of their respective representations,  warranties, covenants or
other agreements contained in this Agreement,  which breach or failure to
perform (A) would give rise to the failure of a  condition set forth in
Section 5.2(a) or Section 5.2(b) and (B) is  incapable of being cured, or is
not cured, by Seller or GAC, as applicable,  within thirty (30) calendar days
following receipt of written notice of  such breach or failure to perform
from Parent or Buyer;   (d) by Seller, if Parent or Buyer shall have
materially breached  or failed to perform any of their respective
representations, warranties,  covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement, which breach or  failure to perform (A) would give rise to the
failure of a condition set  forth in Section 5.3(a) or Section 5.3(b) and (B)
is incapable of being  cured, or is not cured, by Parent or Buyer, as
applicable, within thirty  (30) calendar days following receipt of written
notice of such breach or  failure to perform from Seller; or   (e) by
Parent or Seller, if the Closing shall not have occurred  on or before the
nine month anniversary of the date of this Agreement;  PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that the right to terminate this Agreement under this  Section 6.1(e) shall
not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill  materially any
covenant or obligation under this Agreement has been the  cause of, or
resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before  such date.  
SECTION 6.2 PROCEDURE FOR AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION. In the event that this
Agreement is terminated and the transactions set forth in Section 1.1
are abandoned by Parent or Buyer, on the one hand, or by Seller, on the other
hand, pursuant to Section 6.1, written notice of such termination and
abandonment shall forthwith be given to the other parties and this Agreement
shall terminate and the transactions set forth in Section 1.1 shall be
abandoned without any further action. If this Agreement is terminated as
provided herein, no party hereto shall have any liability or further
obligation to any other party under the terms of this Agreement except (i)
with respect to the willful breach by any party hereto, and (ii) this Section
6.2, the second sentence of Section 4.2(a), Section 4.5, Article VII and
Section 8.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.   80   
ARTICLE VII.  INDEMNIFICATION   SECTION 7.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER AND
GAC. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.3, from and after the
Closing, Seller and GAC, jointly and severally, shall indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Parent, Buyer, each of their respective Affiliates and each of
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives
(the "BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") from and against any and all claims,
losses, damages, liabilities, obligations or expenses, including reasonable
legal fees and expenses (collectively, "LOSSES"), as incurred, payable
promptly upon written request, to the extent arising or resulting from or
relating to any of the following (except for any items relating to Taxes,
which shall be governed exclusively by Section 7.5):   (a) any breach of
any representation or warranty of Seller or  GAC contained in this Agreement
(it being agreed and acknowledged by the  parties that for purposes of Parent
and Buyer\'s right to indemnification  pursuant to this Section 7.1 the
representations and warranties of Seller  and GAC (except for the
representations and warranties set forth in (i) the  second and fourth
sentences in Section 2.7(a)(ii), (ii) clause (C) of the  first sentence of
Section 2.7(a)(iii) and (iii) the next to last sentence  of Section 2.22(e))
shall be deemed not qualified by any references therein  to materiality
generally or to whether or not any breach results or may  result in a
Material Adverse Effect);   (b) any breach of any covenant of Seller and GAC
contained in  this Agreement;   (c) any failure by an Investment Adviser
Subsidiary or a  Registered Investment Company to be, or at any time since
their adoption to  have been, in compliance with its respective RIC
Procedures; or   (d) any failure (i) by an Insurance Subsidiary to disclose
in  its marketing and sales materials, to the extent required by applicable 
Law, any of its Financial Intermediary Arrangements or (ii) of any such 
Financial Intermediary Arrangement to comply, or at any time to have 
complied, with applicable Law.   SECTION 7.2 INDEMNIFICATION BY PARENT,
BUYER AND THE ACQUIRED COMPANIES. Subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 7.3, from and after the Closing, Parent, Buyer and the Acquired
Companies shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller, GAC, each of
their respective Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents and representatives (the "SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") from
and against any and all Losses, as incurred, payable promptly upon written
request, to the extent arising or resulting from or relating to any of the
following:   81    (a) any breach of any representation or warranty of
Parent or  Buyer contained in this Agreement (it being agreed and
acknowledged by the  parties that for purposes of Seller and GAC\'s right to
indemnification  pursuant to this Section 7.2 the representations and
warranties of Parent  and Buyer shall be deemed not qualified by any
references therein to  materiality generally or to whether or not any breach
results or may result  in a Material Adverse Effect); or   (b) any breach
of any covenant of Parent or Buyer contained in  this Agreement.   SECTION
7.3 LIMITATIONS ON INDEMNITY.   (a) None of the Buyer Indemnified Parties
shall be entitled to  assert any right to indemnification under Section
7.1(a) until (i) each  individual amount of Losses otherwise due the Buyer
Indemnified Parties  exceeds $250,000 (the "DE MINIMIS AMOUNT") (PROVIDED,
that (X) the term  "individual amount of Losses" shall mean each individual
breach of a  particular warranty and not the aggregation of individual
breaches of a  particular warranty into a single breach (e.g., if Seller
failed to  disclose five contracts under a particular warranty, and the
failure to  disclose any one of those contracts would be a breach, then the
five  contracts together would be considered multiple breaches, of which
each  such undisclosed contract would be an "individual amount of Loss") and
(Y)  for purposes of the calculation of the Loss with respect to such
individual  breach, a series of separate Losses caused by or resulting from
the same  individual breach shall be aggregated (e.g., if an individual
breach causes  or results in two separate Losses of $200,000 each, such
Losses shall be  aggregated to a sum of $400,000 for purposes of determining
whether the  "Loss" with respect to such individual amount is less than
$250,000)) and  (ii) the aggregate amount of all the Losses actually suffered
by the Buyer  Indemnified Parties exceeds 3.0% of the Purchase Price (the
"DEDUCTIBLE  AMOUNT"), and then only to the extent such Losses exceed, in the
aggregate,  the Deductible Amount. For the avoidance of doubt,
indemnification for  Losses arising from breaches of any of Sections
2.7(a)(v),  2.21(b)(xxi)-(xxiv) and 2.22(1)-(n) shall not be subject to
either the De  Minimis Amount or to the Deductible Amount, and all such
Losses shall be  indemnified beginning with the first dollar of Loss.
Anything in this  Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event
shall Seller or GAC  be required to indemnify Parent, Buyer, any Acquired
Company or the Buyer  Indemnified Parties for Losses pursuant to Section
7.1(a) in any amount  exceeding 65% of the Purchase Price (the "CAP");
PROVIDED, that the Cap  shall not apply to Seller\'s and GAC\'s requirement
to indemnify Parent,  Buyer, any Acquired Company or the Buyer Indemnified
Parties for Losses  pursuant to Section 7.1(a) with respect to a breach of
the representations  and warranties set forth in Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3,
2.7(a)(v),  2.21(b)(xxi)-(xxiv) or 2.22(l)-(n), and any indemnified Losses in
respect  of such representations and warranties shall not count against the
Cap.   82    (b) None of the Seller Indemnified Parties shall be entitled
to  assert any right to indemnification under Section 7.2(a) until (i) each 
individual amount of Losses otherwise due the Seller Indemnified Party 
exceeds the De Minimis Amount (PROVIDED, that (X) the term "individual 
amount of Losses" shall mean each individual breach of a particular  warranty
and not the aggregation of individual breaches of a particular  warranty into
a single breach (e.g., if Buyer failed to disclose five  contracts under a
particular warranty, and the failure to disclose any one  of those contracts
would be a breach, then the five contracts together  would be considered
multiple breaches, of which each such undisclosed  contract would be an
"individual amount of Loss") and (Y) for purposes of  the calculation of the
Loss with respect to such individual breach, a  series of separate Losses
caused by or resulting from the same individual  breach shall be aggregated
(e.g., if an individual breach causes or results  in two separate Losses of
$200,000 each, such Losses shall be aggregated to  a sum of $400,000 for
purposes of determining whether the "Loss" with  respect to such individual
amount is less than $250,000))and (ii) the  aggregate amount of all the
Losses actually suffered by the Seller  Indemnified Parties exceeds the
Deductible Amount, and then only to the  extent such Losses exceed, in the
aggregate, the Deductible Amount.  Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, in no event  shall Buyer be required to indemnify Seller,
GAC or the Seller Indemnified  Parties for Losses pursuant to Section 7.2(a)
in any amount exceeding the  Cap; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such limitations
(A) shall affect Parent\'s  and Buyer\'s obligation to pay the Purchase Price
or (B) apply to Parent\'s  and Buyer\'s obligations to indemnify Seller, GAC
or the Seller Indemnified  Parties for Losses pursuant to Section 7.2(a)
(solely with respect to a  breach of the representations and warranties set
forth in Sections 3.1 or  3.2).   (c) No party hereto shall be liable to
the others for indirect,  special, incidental, consequential or punitive
damages claimed by such  other party or parties, as the case may be,
resulting from such first  party\'s breach of its representations, warranties
or covenants hereunder.   (d) No Buyer Indemnified Party shall be entitled
to  indemnification (i) with respect to any particular Loss to the extent 
specific provision or reserve for such matter is made in the June Financial 
Statements or in the notes thereto or in an Adjustment Memorandum, as 
applicable or (ii) with respect to any matter that has been decided by the 
Accounting Expert (and which is expressly addressed as having been decided 
in the written findings of the Accounting Expert).   (e) Each party shall
have the right to retain copies of all  documents delivered or made available
by or to such party or its Affiliates  in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby to the extent  reasonably required for the purpose of
defending any claim against it under  this Agreement or enforcing its rights
hereunder (including making any  claims or counterclaims against third
parties pursuant to Section 7.4).   SECTION 7.4 INDEMNIFICATION
PROCEDURES.   83    (a) PROCEDURES RELATING TO INDEMNIFICATION OF THIRD
PARTY  CLAIMS. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if any party
(the  "INDEMNIFIED PARTY") receives written notice of the commencement of
any  action or proceeding or the assertion of any claim by a third party or
the  imposition of any penalty or assessment for which indemnity may be
sought  under Section 7.1 or 7.2 (a "THIRD PARTY CLAIM"), and such
Indemnified  Party intends to seek indemnity pursuant to this Article VII,
the  Indemnified Party shall promptly provide the other party or parties,
as  applicable (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") with written notice of such Third 
Party Claim, stating the nature, basis and the amount thereof, to the  extent
known, along with copies of the relevant documents evidencing such  Third
Party Claim and the basis for indemnification sought. Failure of the 
Indemnified Party to give such notice will not relieve the Indemnifying 
Party from liability on account of this indemnification, except if and to 
the extent that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced thereby. The 
Indemnifying Party will have thirty (30) days from receipt of any such 
notice of a Third Party Claim to give notice to assume the defense thereof. 
If notice to the effect set forth in the immediately preceding sentence is 
given by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party will have the right 
to assume the defense of the Indemnified Party against the Third Party  Claim
with counsel of its choice. The Indemnifying Party shall be liable  for the
fees and expenses of counsel employed by the Indemnified Party for  any
period during which the Indemnifying Party has not assumed the defense 
thereof after notice to the Indemnified Party. So long as the Indemnifying 
Party has assumed the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance 
herewith, (i) the Indemnified Party may retain separate co-counsel at its 
sole cost and expense and participate in the defense of the Third Party 
Claim, (ii) the Indemnified Party will not file any papers or consent to  the
entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to the  Third
Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying  Party and
(iii) the Indemnifying Party will not (A) admit to any wrongdoing  or (B)
consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement  with
respect to the Third Party Claim to the extent such judgment or  settlement
provides for equitable relief, in each case, without the prior  written
consent of the Indemnified Party (such written consent will not be  withheld
or delayed unreasonably). The parties will use commercially  reasonable
efforts to minimize Losses from Third Party Claims and will act  in good
faith in responding to, defending against, settling or otherwise  dealing
with such claims. The parties will also cooperate in any such  defense and
give each other reasonable access to all information relevant  thereto.
Whether or not the Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense,  such
Indemnifying Party will not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified  Party
hereunder for any settlement entered into or any judgment that was  consented
to without the Indemnifying Party\'s prior written consent.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled  to assume the
defense of any Third Party Claim (and shall be liable for the  reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel incurred by the Indemnified Party  in defending
such Third Party Claim) if the Third Party Claim seeks an  order, injunction
or other equitable relief or relief for other than money  damages against the
Indemnified Party that the Indemnified Party reasonably  determines, after
conferring with its outside counsel, cannot be separated  from any related
claim for money damages. If such equitable relief or other  relief portion of
the Third Party Claim can be so separated from that for  money damages,  
84    the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to assume the defense of
the  portion relating to money damages.   (b) PROCEDURES FOR NON-THIRD
PARTY CLAIMS. Except as otherwise  provided in this Agreement, the
Indemnified Party will notify the  Indemnifying Party in writing promptly of
its discovery of any matter that  does not involve a Third Party Claim being
asserted against or sought to be  collected from the Indemnified Party,
giving rise to the claim of indemnity  pursuant hereto. The failure so to
notify the Indemnifying Party shall not  relieve the Indemnifying Party from
liability on account of this  indemnification, except only if and to the
extent that the Indemnifying  Party is actually prejudiced thereby. The
Indemnifying Party will have  thirty (30) days from receipt of any such
notice to give notice of dispute  of the claim to the Indemnified Party. The
Indemnified Party will  reasonably cooperate and assist the Indemnifying
Party in determining the  validity of any claim for indemnity by the
Indemnified Party and in  otherwise resolving such matters. Such assistance
and cooperation will  include providing reasonable access to and copies of
information, records  and documents relating to such matters, furnishing
employees to assist in  the investigation, defense and resolution of such
matters and providing  legal and business assistance with respect to such
matters. If the  Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party
within such thirty  (30) day period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its
liability to the  Indemnified Party under Section 7.1 or 7.2, such claim
specified by the  Indemnified Party in such notice shall be conclusively
deemed a liability  of the Indemnifying Party under Section 7.1 or 7.2 and
the Indemnifying  Party shall pay the amount of such liability to the
Indemnified Party on  demand or, in the case of any notice in which the
amount of the claim (or  any portion thereof) is estimated, on such later
date when the amount of  such claim (or such portion thereof) becomes finally
determined.   (c) For purposes of this Article VII, all Losses (x) shall
be  computed net of (i) any Tax benefit resulting therefrom to the
Indemnified  Party, (ii) any amounts actually recovered by the Indemnified
Party under  insurance policies with respect thereto and (iii) any amounts
actually  recovered from third parties based on claims the Indemnified Party
has  against such third parties which reduce the Losses sustained by such 
Indemnified Party; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, in all cases, the timing of the 
receipt or realization of insurance proceeds or Tax benefits or Tax costs  or
recoveries from third parties shall be taken into account in determining  the
amount of reduction of Losses that is not considered a purchase price 
adjustment, and (y) shall be increased to take account of any net Tax cost 
incurred by the Indemnified Party arising from the receipt of indemnity 
payments hereunder (grossed up for such increase).   (d) Each party shall
cooperate with the other with respect to  resolving any claim or liability
with respect to which one party is  obligated to indemnify the other party
hereunder, including by using  commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate or
resolve any such claim or  liability; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such party
shall not be required to make  such efforts if they would be detrimental in
any material respect to such  party.   (e) Buyer and Parent agree that
prior to any Buyer Indemnified  Party submitting a claim for indemnification
for Losses arising or  resulting from or relating to   85    any breach
of the representations set forth in any of (i) the second or  fourth
sentences of Section 2.7(a)(ii), (ii) clause (C) of the first  sentence of
Section 2.7(a)(iii) or (iii) the next to last sentence of  Section 2.22(e)
(collectively, the "SAP REPS")) pursuant to Section 7.1:   (A) the parties
shall mutually agree upon an accounting professional  with significant
experience in the life insurance company accounting field  (the "REVIEWER"),
or if the parties cannot mutually agree upon a Reviewer  the parties will
mutually request that the American Arbitration Association  (the "AAA")
select an appropriate reviewer for them (and the parties shall  share equally
any fees of the AAA and the Reviewer resulting from such  request);   (B)
Buyer shall submit to the Reviewer and Seller within 15 days  after the
selection of the Reviewer a written letter summarizing why it  reasonably
believes that there has been a breach of a SAP Rep by Seller or  GAC;   (C)
At its option, Seller may submit to the Reviewer and Buyer  within a time
period to be selected by the Reviewer (but in no event longer  than 30 days
after the selection of the Reviewer) a written letter  summarizing its
position in response to Buyer\'s letter;   (D) the Reviewer shall review the
bases for the Buyer\'s claim that  there has been a breach of a SAP Rep and
shall within a reasonable time  (but in no event more than 20 days after
submission of any letter by  Seller) issue a written statement (the "REVIEWER
CONCLUSION") stating  whether the Reviewer believes that it is reasonably
likely that there has  been a breach by Seller or GAC of a SAP Rep.   If
the Reviewer Conclusion states that the Reviewer believes that it  is
reasonably likely that there has been a breach by Seller or GAC of a SAP 
Rep, then the applicable Buyer Indemnified Party may submit its claim for 
indemnification for Losses arising or resulting from or relating to such 
breach pursuant to Section 7.1.   86    SECTION 7.5 TAX INDEMNITY.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Seller and GAC
shall, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Buyer
Indemnified Parties from (i) all liability for Taxes of the Acquired
Companies with respect to any Pre-Closing Tax Period, (ii) all liability for
Taxes of any person with whom any of the Acquired Companies or their
Subsidiaries joins or has ever joined in filing any affiliated, consolidated,
combined or unitary Tax Return prior to the Closing Date, (iii) all Losses
with respect to the breaches of representations and warranties set forth in
Sections 2.19, 2.21(b)(xvii) through 2.21(b)(xx), 2.22(c) and 2.22(d) and the
covenants set forth in Sections 4.8, 4.10(f) and 4.10(g) and (iv)
all liability for reasonable legal fees and expenses attributable to any
item described in clauses (i) through (iii). It is agreed and acknowledged by
the parties that for purposes of Seller and GAC\'s right to indemnification
pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence of this Section 7.5,
the representations and warranties of Seller and GAC set forth in Section
2.19 shall be deemed not qualified by any references therein to materiality
generally or to whether or not any breach results or may result in a Material
Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt, the limitations set forth in
Section 7.3 shall not apply to indemnification under this Section 7.5;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no Buyer Indemnified Party shall be entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Section 7.5 (i) with respect to any Tax to
the extent specific provision or reserve for such Tax is made in the June
Financial Statements or in the notes thereto or in an Adjustment Memorandum,
as applicable or (ii) with respect to any matter that has been decided by the
Accounting Expert (and which is expressly addressed as having been decided in
the written findings of the Accounting Expert).   SECTION 7.6 SURVIVAL AND
TIME LIMITATION. The representations, warranties and other terms and
provisions of this Agreement and any certificate delivered pursuant hereto
shall survive the Closing of the transactions contemplated hereunder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, after Closing, any assertion by Parent or
Buyer or any Buyer Indemnified Party that Seller or GAC is liable to Parent,
Buyer or any Buyer Indemnified Party for indemnification under Section 7.1(a)
of this Agreement must be made in writing and must be given to Seller and GAC
(or not at all) on or prior to the 12 month anniversary of the Closing Date,
except (a) for indemnification for matters addressed in Sections 2.7(a)(v),
2.18, 2.19, 2.20, 2.21(b)(xxi)-(xxiv), 2.22(1)-(n) and 7.5, which must be
made in writing and must be given to Seller and GAC (or not at all) on or
prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after the date on which
the applicable statute of limitations expires with respect to the matters
covered thereby and (b) for indemnification for breaches of the
representations and warranties contained in Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3, which
must be made in writing and may be given to Seller and GAC at any time after
the Closing Date without limitation. After Closing, any assertion by Seller
or GAC or any Seller Indemnified Party that Parent or Buyer is liable to
Seller, GAC or any Seller Indemnified Party for indemnification under Section
7.2(a) of this Agreement or the certificate delivered in respect of Section
5.2(a) of this Agreement must be made in writing and must be given to Buyer
and Parent (or not at all) on or prior to the 12 month anniversary of the
Closing Date, except for indemnification for breaches of the representations
and warranties contained in Sections 3.1 and 3.2, which must be made in
writing and may be given to Buyer and Parent at any time after the Closing
Date without limitation.   87    SECTION 7.7 SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.
EXCEPT IN ALL CASES FOR CLAIMS OF, OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM, FRAUD,
BAD FAITH OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, FROM AND AFTER THE CLOSING, THE
INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS OF THIS ARTICLE VII SHALL BE THE SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE RIGHT AND REMEDY OF EACH PARTY (INCLUDING THE SELLER INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES AND THE BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES) (I) FOR ANY BREACH OF THE OTHER
PARTY\'S REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS, OR AGREEMENTS CONTAINED IN
THIS AGREEMENT OR (II) OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, AND THE PARTIES WAIVE THE RIGHT TO
ALL OTHER REMEDIES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION
7.7 SHALL BE DEEMED TO PROHIBIT OR OTHERWISE LIMIT EITHER PARTY\'S RIGHT AT
ANY TIME BEFORE, ON OR AFTER THE CLOSING DATE, TO SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR
EQUITABLE RELIEF FOR THE FAILURE OF THE OTHER PARTY TO PERFORM ANY COVENANT
OR AGREEMENT SET FORTH HEREIN.   SECTION 7.8 TREATMENT OF INDEMNIFICATION
PAYMENTS. All indemnification payments made pursuant to this Article VII
shall be treated by the parties as adjustments to the Purchase Price unless
otherwise required by applicable law.   ARTICLE VIII.  MISCELLANEOUS  
SECTION 8.1 AMENDMENT AND MODIFICATION. This Agreement may be
amended, modified or supplemented, only by a written agreement signed by each
of the parties hereto.   SECTION 8.2 WAIVER OF COMPLIANCE; CONSENTS. Any
failure of Parent or Buyer, on the one hand, or Seller, on the other hand, to
comply with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be
waived by Seller or Parent or Buyer, respectively, only by a written
instrument signed by the party granting such waiver, but such waiver or
failure to insist upon strict compliance with such obligation, covenant,
agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with
respect to, any subsequent or other failure. Whenever this Agreement requires
or permits consent by or on behalf of any party hereto, such consent shall be
given in writing in a manner consistent with the requirements for a waiver of
compliance as set forth in this Section 8.2.   SECTION 8.3 NOTICES. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, by telecopier (with
a confirmed receipt thereof) or registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested), and on the next Business Day when sent by
overnight courier service, to the parties at the following addresses (or at
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a)
if to Parent, to:   White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd.  80 South Main
Street  Hanover, NH 03755  Attention: Robert Seelig, General Counsel 
Facsimile: 603-643-4592   88   and with a copy to:   Cravath Swaine and
Moore LLP  Worldwide Plaza  825 Eighth Avenue  New York, NY 10019-7475 
Attention: Philip A. Gelston and Faiza J. Saeed  Facsimile: 212-474-3700  
(b) if to Buyer, to:   Occum Acquisition Corp.  370 Church Street 
Guilford, CT 06437  Attention: Reid Campbell, Treasurer  Facsimile:
203-458-0754  with a copy to:   White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd.  80
South Main Street  Hanover, NH 03755  Attention: Robert Seelig, General
Counsel  Facsimile: 603-643-4592  and with a copy to:   Cravath Swaine and
Moore LLP  Worldwide Plaza  825 Eighth Avenue  New York, NY 10019-7475 
Attention: Philip A. Gelston and Faiza J. Saeed  Facsimile: 212-474-3700  
(c) if to Seller or GAC to:   Safeco Corporation  Safeco Plaza  4333
Brooklyn Avenue NE  Seattle, WA 98185  Attention: James W. Ruddy, Senior
Vice President  and General Counsel  Facsimile: 206-545-5559  with a copy
to:   Latham and Watkins LLP  Sears Tower -- Suite 5800  233 South Wacker
Drive   89    Chicago, IL 60606  Attention: Michael D. Levin 
Facsimile: 312-993-9767   SECTION 8.4 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement and all of
the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but
neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior
written consent of the other parties; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the rights (but
not the obligations) of Buyer may be transferred to any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent with an appropriate amendment to this
Agreement.   SECTION 8.5 EXPENSES. Whether or not the transactions set forth
in Section 1.1 are consummated, all fees, charges and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be paid by the party incurring such fees, charges or expenses, except
as set forth in the following sentence. The Seller shall pay the following
costs and expenses of the transactions contemplated hereby to the extent
incurred prior to the Closing: (i) any third-party assignment penalties or
premiums (whether imposed in the form of fees, penalties, assessments, loss
of servicing income, or otherwise) and (ii) all other external costs incurred
in securing third party consents, including all costs related to the
preparation (including, but not limited to, legal fees), printing and mailing
of proxies and all proxy solicitation expenses with respect to the Registered
Investment Companies.   SECTION 8.6 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state
of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within
such state, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof.  
SECTION 8.7 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   SECTION 8.8
INTERPRETATION.   (a) The article and section headings contained in this
Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the
agreement of the parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. The parties are sophisticated, represented
by counsel and jointly have participated in the negotiation and drafting of
this Agreement and there shall be no presumption or burden of proof favoring
or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this
Agreement.   90    (b) (i) Seller and Buyer acknowledge that all
references to specific line items within any of the definitions referred to
in the defined term "June Adjusted Statutory Book Value" (other than the
defined term "Book Value of Certain Non-Admitted Assets" and the definitions
referred to in such defined term) were created on the basis of line items set
forth in the audited statutory statement of the applicable Insurance Company
as of December 31, 2003. In the event that the title of any line item in the
audited statutory statements of the Insurance Companies as of June 30, 2004
has changed from the titling in the audited statutory statements of one or
more Insurance Companies as of December 31, 2003, a parallel change shall be
deemed to have been made in all line item references described in the
preceding sentence to which such labeling change would be applicable, with
the intent that the values and amounts described by such line item references
shall remain consistent between the two sets of audited statutory
statements.   (ii) Seller and Buyer acknowledge that all references to
specific line items within any of the definitions referred to in the defined
term "Book Value of Certain Non-Admitted Assets" were created on the basis of
line items set forth in the statutory annual statement of the applicable
Insurance Company as of December 31, 2003. In the event that the title of any
line item in the quarterly statutory statements of the Insurance Companies as
of June 30, 2004 has changed from the titling in the December 31, 2003 annual
statements of one or more Insurance Companies, a parallel change shall be
deemed to have been made in all line item references described in the
preceding sentence to which such labeling change would be applicable, with
the intent that the values and amounts described by such line item references
shall remain consistent between the two sets of statements.   SECTION 8.9
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement (including the schedules, exhibits,
documents or instruments referred to herein), the other Transaction Documents
and the Confidentiality Agreement embody the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter
hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties, or between any of them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions,
promises, representations, warranties, agreements or undertakings whatsoever
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents or the Confidentiality Agreement, other than those
expressly set forth herein or therein.   SECTION 8.10 NO THIRD PARTY
BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create any
rights or benefits of any party other than the parties hereto.   SECTION
8.11 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement (or any portion
thereof) or the application of any such provision (or any portion thereof) to
any Person or circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision hereof (or the
remaining portion thereof) or the application of such provision to any other
Persons or circumstances. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.   91    SECTION 8.12 CONSENT TO
JURISDICTION. Each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
(a) the New York State Supreme Court sitting in the borough of Manhattan, and
(b) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
sitting in the borough of Manhattan, for the purposes of any suit, action or
other proceeding arising out of this Agreement, any Transaction Document or
any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby. Each of Parent, Buyer, Seller
and GAC further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or
document by U.S. registered mail to such party\'s respective address set
forth above shall be effective service of process for any action, suit or
proceeding in New York with respect to any matters to which it has submitted
to jurisdiction in this Section 8.12. Each of Parent, Buyer, Seller and GAC
irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue
of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement,
any Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
in (i) the New York State Supreme Court sitting in the borough of Manhattan,
or (ii) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York sitting in the borough of Manhattan, and hereby and thereby further
irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in
any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.   SECTION 8.13 WAIVER OF
JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED
HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF
DEALING OR STATEMENT (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) RELATING TO THE FOREGOING.
THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO
THIS AGREEMENT.   ARTICLE IX.  DEFINITIONS   For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in
this Article IX:   "AAA" is defined in Section 7.4(e).   "ACCOUNTING
EXPERT" is defined in Section 1.4(d).   "ACQUIRED COMPANY" is defined in the
recitals.   "ACQUIRED COMPANY EMPLOYEE" means each (i) employee of an
Acquired Company on the Closing Date, whether or not such employee is
actively at work on such day including any employees who are on military
leave, disability, worker\'s compensation or any other leave of absence,
whether or not paid, and (ii) each Bank Channel Employee who actually becomes
an employee of Buyer or an Acquired Company pursuant to Section 4.6(h).  
"ACQUIRED COMPANY PLANS" means each Plan that is maintained or sponsored
solely by an Acquired Company for its current and/or former employees.  
92    "ACQUIRED COMPANY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS" means all Proprietary
Rights owned by the Acquired Companies.   "ADJUSTMENT MEMORANDUM" is
defined in Section 1.4(c).   "ADJUSTMENT NOTE" is defined in Section
1.4(g).   "ADMITTED STATUTORY DEFERRED TAX ASSET" means the total of
the values set forth as \'Net deferred tax asset\' in the audited statutory
statement as of June 30, 2004 of each of Safeco Life Insurance Company,
American States Life Insurance Company, Safeco National Life Insurance
Company and First Safeco National Life Insurance Company of New York.  
"ADVISORY AGREEMENT" means, with respect to any Person, each Contract or
Other Agreement relating to its rendering of investment
management, investment advisory, management, administration or any other
services to a Client, including any sub-advisory or similar agreement.  
"AFFILIATE," with respect to any Person, shall mean any Person controlling,
controlled by or under common control with such Person and shall also include
any Person 10% or more of whose outstanding voting power is owned by the
specified Person either directly or indirectly through subsidiaries.  
"AFFILIATED GROUP" means Seller, the Acquired Companies and each other member
of the affiliated group of corporations that includes Seller within the
meaning of Section 1504 of the Code.   "AGREED ACCOUNTING POLICIES" is
defined in Section 1.4(a).   "AGREEMENT" is defined in the preamble.  
"ASSET MANAGEMENT BUSINESS" means the business conducted by those Acquired
Companies that are Investment Advisor Subsidiaries or
Broker/Dealer Subsidiaries.   "ASSET VALUATION RESERVE" means the total of
the values set forth as \'Asset valuation reserve\' in the audited statutory
statements as of June 30, 2004 of each of Safeco Life Insurance Company,
American States Life Insurance Company, Safeco National Life Insurance
Company and First Safeco National Life Insurance Company of New York.  
"BANK CHANNEL EMPLOYEE" means each employee set forth on Schedule 4.6(h).  
"BOOK VALUE OF CERTAIN NON-ADMITTED ASSETS" is the total of the values of all
non-admitted assets as of June 30, 2004 as reflected in the Quarterly
Statutory Statement, Page 2, Column 2 of each of Safeco Life
Insurance Company, Safeco National Life Insurance Company and First Safeco
National Life Insurance Company of New York, but excluding (i) Intangible
Assets and (ii) the Non-Admitted Statutory Deferred Tax Asset.  
"BROKER/DEALER SUBSIDIARIES" is defined in Section 2.7(b).   93   
"BUSINESS DAY" means any day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal
holiday recognized by the United States of America.   "BUSINESS EMPLOYEE"
means each employee of an Acquired Company and each Bank Channel
Employee.   "BUYER" is defined in the preamble.   "BUYER INDEMNIFIED
PARTIES" is defined in Section 7.1.   "BUYER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE"
is defined in Section 1.3(a) (iii).   "BUYER\'S GROUP WELFARE PLANS" is
defined in Section 4.6(d).   "BUYER\'S RETIREMENT PLAN" is defined in
Section 4.6(c).   "CAP" is defined in Section 7.3(a).   "CLIENT" means,
with respect to any Person, each Investment Company and each other Person for
which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries is a Service Provider.  
"CLIENT CONTRACTS" is defined in Section 2.21(a)(ii).   "CLOSING" is defined
in Section 1.2.   "CLOSING CONSIDERATION" is defined in Section
1.3(b)(i).   "CLOSING DATE" is defined in Section 1.2.   "COBRA" is
defined in Section 4.6(a).   "CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended.   "COMBINED RETURN" is a Seller Tax Return for any Taxes imposed
by a state, local or foreign Tax authority for which Seller or any Affiliate
of Seller other than the Acquired Companies files with any of the
Acquired Companies on a consolidated, combined or unitary basis.  
"COMMONLY CONTROLLED ENTITY" is defined in Section 2.20(a).   "COMPANY
FORMS" is defined in Section 2.22(a).   "COMPETITIVE ACTIVITIES" is defined
in Section 4.20(a).   "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" is defined in Section
4.2(a).   "CONSTITUENT DOCUMENTS" means, with respect to any corporation,
its charter and by-laws; with respect to any partnership, its certificate
of partnership and partnership agreement; with respect to any limited
liability company, its certificate of formation and limited liability  
94   company or operating agreement; with respect to any trust, its
declaration or agreement of trust; and with respect to each other Person, its
comparable constitutional instruments or documents; together in each case,
with all material consents and other instruments delegating authority
pursuant to such Constituent Documents.   "CONTRACTS OR OTHER AGREEMENTS"
is defined in Section 2.4.   "DE MINIMIS AMOUNT" is defined in Section
7.3(a).   "DECEMBER FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" is defined in Section 1.4(a).  
"DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT" is defined in Section 7.3(a).   "DELIVERED" shall
include delivery by means of computer disk, CD-ROM, electronic mail,
facsimile, hand deliveries, messenger or other courier service.  
"ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" means any and all administrative, regulatory or
judicial actions, suits, orders, demands, directives, claims,
liens, investigations, proceedings or written notices of violation by or from
any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature arising out of,
based on or resulting from (y) the presence or release of, or exposure to,
any Hazardous Materials at any location; or (z) the failure to comply with
any Environmental Law.   "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means all applicable federal,
state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, orders, decrees,
judgments, legally binding agreements or Environmental Permits issued,
promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Entity, relating to
pollution, natural resources or protection of endangered or threatened
species, human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface
water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata).   "ENVIRONMENTAL
PERMIT" means all permits, licenses and governmental authorizations pursuant
to Environmental Law.   "EQUITY INTEREST" means, with respect to any Person,
any share of capital stock of, general, limited or other partnership
interest, membership interest or similar ownership interest under the laws of
a jurisdiction outside the United States, in such Person.   "ERISA" means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.   "ERISA
PLANS" is defined in Section 2.7(c).   "EXCESS CAPITAL DIVIDEND" is defined
in Section 4.1(c).   "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.   "FAIR VALUE" of an asset shall be the value for such
asset calculated by Seller using assumptions and methodologies consistent
with those assumptions and methodologies utilized to calculate the amounts
included in SCHEDULE 4.15, with the exception that instead of  
95   using the December 31, 2003 yield curve for such calculation, the
treasury yield curve as of the date of the sale will be used in the
calculation.   "FAIR VALUE OF THE SOLD ASSETS" is defined as the total of
the Fair Value amounts calculated at the time of sale for each Sold
Asset.   "FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ARRANGEMENTS" is defined in Section
2.22(l).   "FINANCING" is defined in Section 3.6.   "FUND AGREEMENTS" is
defined in Section 2.21(b)(vi).   "FUND REPORTS" is defined in Section
2.21(b)(iv).   "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States in effect as of the date of the most recent balance sheet
included within the GAAP Financial Statements delivered to Parent and
Buyer.   "GAAS" is defined in Section 1.4(a).   "GAC" is defined in the
preamble.   "GOLDMAN SACHS" is defined in Section 2.11.   "GOVERNMENTAL
ENTITY" means any foreign, federal, state, municipal, local or other
governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality
or court of competent jurisdiction or any governmental or non-governmental
self-regulatory organization, agency or authority (including the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., the Commodities and Futures Trading
Commission, the National Futures Association and the National Association of
Insurance Commissioners.   "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means (y) any petroleum or
petroleum products, radioactive materials or wastes, asbestos in any form and
polychlorinated biphenyls; and (z) any other chemical, material, substance or
waste that in relevant form or concentration is prohibited, limited or
regulated under any Environmental Law.   "HIPAA" is defined in Section
2.22(o).   "HSR ACT" is defined in Section 2.5.   "INCLUDING" shall,
unless the context clearly requires otherwise, mean including but not limited
to the items or things following such term.   "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" is defined
in Section 7.4(a).   "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" is defined in Section 7.4(a).  
"INITIAL ADJUSTMENT AMOUNT" is defined in Section 1.4(g).   96   
"INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES" is defined in Section 2.7(a)(i).   "INSURANCE
SUBSIDIARIES HIPAA/PRIVACY PLAN" is defined in Section 2.22(o).  
"INSURANCE SUBSIDIARY STATEMENTS" shall mean (a) audited statutory financial
statements (including any exhibits or schedules thereto) filed in
each Insurance Subsidiary\'s state of domicile for the year 2003 and (b) the
annual and quarterly statutory financial statements (including any exhibits
or schedules thereto) filed in each Insurance Subsidiary\'s state of domicile
for all years and quarters ending thereafter and prior to the Closing for
each Insurance Subsidiary.   "INTANGIBLE ASSETS" means the total of the
values set forth as \'Intangible Assets\' included as an Aggregate Write-in
on Page 2, Column 2, line 2302 of the Quarterly Statutory Statement as of
June 30, 2004 of each of Safeco Life Insurance Company, American States Life
Insurance Company, Safeco National Life Insurance Company and First Safeco
National Life Insurance Company of New York.   "INVESTMENT ADVISER
SUBSIDIARY" is defined in Section 2.7(c).   "INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT" means
the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.   "INVESTMENT COMPANY" means an
investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act
(including any entity that, although an investment company, is exempt from
registration as an investment company under such Act). When used herein
without reference to a specified Person, "Investment Company" refers to any
Investment Company for which any of the Acquired Companies acts as a Service
Provider.   "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT" means the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"INVESTMENT COMPANY ADVISORY AGREEMENT" means any Advisory Agreement to which
an Investment Company is a party.   "INVESTMENT COMPANY BOARD" or "BOARD"
means the board of directors or trustees (or persons performing similar
functions) of an Investment Company.   "INVESTMENT COMPANY FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS" is defined in Section 2.21(b)(ii).   "INVESTMENT GUIDELINES"
means the Safeco Corporation Investment Policies and Guidelines adopted as of
November 5, 2001, effective as of January 1, 2002, as amended and restated on
August 7, 2002, as delivered to Buyer prior to the date of this
Agreement.   "INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO" means all investments, including
stocks, bonds, cash and limited partnership interests, owned, directly or
indirectly, by the Affiliated Group for the benefit of the Acquired
Companies, other than shares in any Acquired Company.   "IP SIDE LETTERS"
is defined in Section 4.1(z).   97    "IRS" means the Internal Revenue
Service.   "JUNE ADJUSTED STATUTORY BOOK VALUE" is the total of (i)
Statutory Capital and Surplus plus (ii) the Asset Valuation Reserve minus
(iii) the Admitted Statutory Deferred Tax Asset plus (iv) the Book Value of
Certain Non-Admitted Assets plus (v) a Mark to Market Adjustment.   "JUNE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" is defined in Section 1.4(a).   "KNOWLEDGE" with
respect to Seller, shall mean the actual knowledge of Christine Mead, James
Ruddy, Roger Harbin, Michael Kinzer, Michael Murphy and Randall Talbot.  
"LAW" means any applicable statute, law (including common law), ordinance,
regulation, rule, ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, or other official
enactment of or by any Governmental Entity.   "LEASE" is defined in Section
2.16(b).   "LEASE AGREEMENT" is defined in Section 1.3(a)(v).   "LEASED
PROPERTY" is defined in Section 2.16(b).   "LIEN" means any lien, security
interest, charge, claim, mortgage, deed of trust, warrant, purchase right,
lease, or other encumbrance.   "LIFE AND ANNUITY CONTRACTS" means all group
health and medical, life insurance, annuity and endowment contracts and other
contracts and agreements typically considered part of the group health and
medical or life lines of insurance, which contracts and agreements shall have
been sold, arranged delivered, issued for delivery, assumed, coinsured,
whether on a modified coinsurance basis or otherwise, or reinsured by any
Acquired Company at any time prior to the Closing, including without
limitation all group life and health contracts, all individual and group
term, whole, universal, variable, universal variable and other life insurance
policies, all individual and group endowment and modified endowment
contracts, all individual and group disability insurance products, all
individual and group fixed, variable and other annuity contracts, all
guaranteed investment contracts, all funding agreements, all other agreements
issued by, against or funded by the general or separate account of any life
insurance company which is an Acquired Company, and, with respect to the
aforesaid group insurance and annuity contracts, all certificates
and employer participation agreements in effect and issued under such
policies, and all reinstatements of such policies, contracts, certificates
and agreements required to be made at any time after the Closing, and all
such policies, contracts, certificates and agreements sold, arranged,
delivered, issued, assumed, coinsured or reinsured by any Acquired Company
after the Closing pursuant to the exercise of options or operation of
agreements or arrangements in effect prior to the Closing (including, in each
case, all supplements, endorsements, riders and ancillary agreements in
connection therewith).   "LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT" means all individual and
group term, whole, universal, variable, universal variable and other life
insurance policies.   98    "LOSSES" is defined in Section 7.1.  
"MARK TO MARKET ADJUSTMENT" is defined as 3% of the sum of (i) Statutory
Capital and Surplus PLUS (ii) the Asset Valuation Reserve.   "MATERIAL
ADVERSE EFFECT," with respect to the Acquired Companies, means any (i)
change, (ii) effect, (iii) event, (iv) occurrence or (v) development or
developments, which individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to result in any change or effect, that (A) is materially adverse to
the business, financial condition, properties, assets,
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or results of operations of the
Acquired Companies, taken as a whole, or (B) would reasonably be expected to
prevent or materially delay the consummation by Seller or GAC, as applicable,
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that none of the following shall be deemed,
either alone or in combination, to constitute, and none of the following
shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be,
a Material Adverse Effect: (i) changes in Laws, rules or regulations of
general applicability or interpretations thereof by Governmental Entities, in
each case after the date hereof, (ii) changes, after the date hereof, in
applicable GAAP or SAP, (iii) actions or omissions of a party to this
Agreement taken with the prior written consent of the other party to this
Agreement and (iv) changes, after the date hereof, generally affecting (x)
any of the industries in which the Acquired Companies conduct their business,
so long as the changes in such industries do not disproportionately impact
(other than as a result of the volume of business transacted) the Acquired
Companies or (y) general economic and financial market conditions in the
United States (including movements in interest rates).   "MATERIAL ADVERSE
EFFECT," with respect to Parent or Buyer, means any (i) change, (ii) effect,
(iii) event, (iv) occurrence or (v) development or developments, which,
individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to prevent or
materially delay the consummation by Parent or Buyer, as applicable, of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents.   "MATERIAL CONTRACT" is defined in Section 2.10(b).   "MEC" is
defined in Section 2.22(c).   "MILLIMAN" is defined in Section 2.11.  
"MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" is defined in Section 2.20(f).   "NASD" is defined in
Section 2.7(b).   "NASD REGULATIONS" means the Conduct Rules of the NASD
(Rules 2000 through 3420).   "NAV" is defined in Section 2.21(b)(xxi).  
"NON-ADMITTED STATUTORY DEFERRED TAX ASSET" means the total of the values set
forth in Page 2, Column 2, line 15.2 of the Quarterly Statutory Statement as
of June 30, 2004 of each of Safeco Life Insurance Company, American States
Life Insurance Company, Safeco   99   National Life Insurance Company and
First Safeco National Life Insurance Company of New York.   "NON-INSURANCE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS" is defined in Section 2.6.   "OBJECTION PERIOD" is
defined in Section 1.4(b).   "OBJECTION NOTICE" is defined in Section
1.4(b).   "ORDERS" is defined in Section 2.9.   "PARENT" is defined in the
preamble.   "PBGC" is defined in Section 2.20(g).   "PENSION PLAN" is
defined in Section 2.20(a).   "PERSON" shall mean and include an individual,
a partnership, a joint venture, a limited liability company, a corporation, a
trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or
agency thereof.   "PLANS" is defined in Section 2.20(a).   "POLICY" is
defined in Section 2.22(c).   "POLICY OWNER" is defined in Section
2.22(c).   "POST-CLOSING ADJUSTMENT AMOUNT" is defined in Section
1.4(f).   "POST-CLOSING TAX PERIOD" means any Tax Period beginning after
the Closing Date and the portion of any Straddle Period beginning after the
Closing Date.   "PRE-CLOSING TAX PERIOD" means any Tax period ending on or
before the Closing Date and the portion ending on the Closing Date of any
Straddle Period including operations through the Closing Date.  
"PROCEEDING" is defined in Section 2.9.   "PROPRIETARY RIGHTS" means
patents, registered and common law trademarks, trade secrets, and registered
and unregistered copyrights.   "PURCHASE PRICE" is defined in Section
1.4(f).   "QUALIFIED CONTRACT" means a Life and Annuity Contract issued
in connection with a plan or arrangement intended to qualify for tax
treatment under Section 401(a), 403(a), 403(b), 408, 408A or 457 of the
Code.   100    "QUARTERLY STATUTORY STATEMENT" means the quarterly
statutory financial statements of the named entity as filed with the
applicable state insurance regulator for the quarter ending June 30,
2004.   "REGISTERED INVESTMENT COMPANY" means an Investment
Company registered under the Investment Company Act.   "REGISTERED SEPARATE
ACCOUNT" is defined in Section 2.22(g).   "RELATED CONTRACTS" means a Life
and Annuity Contract or other contract, in each case entered into in the
ordinary course of business, that is used in conjunction with a Life and
Annuity Contract and that is (i) a surety bond guaranteeing performance of
Safeco Assigned Benefits Service Company; (ii) a qualified assignment between
Safeco Assigned Benefits Service Company and various Safeco Property and
Casualty Subsidiaries; (iii) a non-qualified assignment between Safeco
National Life Insurance Company and various Safeco Property and Casualty
Subsidiaries; (iv) a single premium immediate annuity purchased from Safeco
Life Insurance Company by various Safeco Property and Casualty Subsidiaries;
(v) an Administrative Agreement between Safeco Life Insurance Company and
various Safeco Property and Casualty Subsidiaries allowing Safeco Life
Insurance Company to make certain administrative decisions and take certain
actions on unassigned structured settlement annuity contracts owned by the
Safeco Property and Casualty Subsidiaries; or (vi) a single premium
group annuity purchased by Safeco Corporation from Safeco Life Insurance
Company designed to provide periodic payments to certain retirees of American
States Insurance Company.   "RELEVANT ENTITIES" is defined in Section
4.10(b)(i).   "REMEDIATION PLAN" is defined in Section 4.10(g)(ii).  
"REQUIRED LICENSES" is defined in Section 2.17 (a).   "RESTRAINTS" is
defined in Section 5.1(a).   "REVIEWER" is defined in Section 7.4(e).  
"REVIEWER CONCLUSION" is defined in Section 7.4(e).   "RIC PROCEDURES" is
defined in Section 2.21(b)(xxi).   "SALE PRICE OF THE SOLD ASSETS" is
defined as the net proceeds from the sale of the Sold Assets received by the
Acquired Companies, without reflecting the impact of any taxes due or paid as
a result of such sale.   "SAP" is defined in Section 2.7(a)(ii).   "SAP
REPS" is defined in Section 7.4(e).   "SEC" means the Securities and
Exchange Commission, and any successor thereto.   101    "SEC DOCUMENTS"
is defined in Section 2.7(c).   "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  
"SECURITIES LAWS" means the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Investment
Company Act, the Investment Advisors Act and the state "blue sky" laws, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.   "SELLER" is defined in
the preamble.   "SELLER DISCLOSURE LETTER" is defined in Article II.  
"SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES" is defined in Section 7.2.   "SELLER PLAN"
means each Plan other than an Acquired Company Plan.   "SELLER\'S RETIREE
PLANS" is defined in Section 4.6(d).   "SELLER\'S RETIREMENT PLANS" is
defined in Section 4.6(c).   "SERVICE PROVIDER" means any Person who acts as
investment manager, administrator, general partner, managing member or
similar controlling person, investment advisor, subadviser or distributor or
provider of other services.   "SEPARATE ACCOUNT" is defined in Section
2.22(e).   "SHARES" is defined in the recitals.   "SIS" means Safeco
Investment Services, Inc., a Washington corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of GAC.   "SOLD ASSETS" is defined in Section 4.15(a).  
"STATUTORY CAPITAL AND SURPLUS" means the value set forth as \'Total capital
and surplus\' in the audited statutory financial statements as of June 30,
2004 of Safeco Life Insurance Company.   "STRADDLE PERIOD" means any Tax
period beginning before and ending after the Closing Date.   "SUBSIDIARY,"
with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation 50% or more of the
outstanding voting power of which, or any partnership, joint venture, limited
liability company or other entity 50% or more of the total equity interest of
which, is directly or indirectly owned by such Person. For purposes of this
Agreement, all references to "Subsidiaries" of a Person shall be deemed to
mean "Subsidiary" if such Person has only one subsidiary.   "TARGET
STATUTORY BOOK VALUE" means $1.15 billion.   102    "TAXES" shall mean
all taxes of any kind, including, without limitation, those on or measured by
or referred to as income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, franchise,
profits, license, value added, property or windfall profits taxes, customs,
duties or similar fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts imposed by any governmental authority, domestic or foreign.   "TAX
RETURN" shall mean any return, report or statement required to be filed with
any governmental authority with respect to Taxes.   "THIRD PARTY CLAIM" is
defined in Section 7.4(a).   "THIRD PARTY REINSURANCE CONTRACTS" is defined
in Section 2.23.   "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS" is defined in Section
1.3(b)(iv).   "TRANSFER TAXES" is defined in Section 1.5.   "TRANSITION
SERVICES AGREEMENT" is defined in Section 1.3(a)(ii).   "TRANSITIONAL
TRADEMARK LICENSE" is defined in Section 1.3(a)(iv).   "12b-1 PLAN" is
defined in Section 2.21(b)(vi).   "WELFARE PLAN" is defined in Section
2.20(a).   * * *   103    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Buyer, Seller and
GAC have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written.   WHITE MOUNTAINS
INSURANCE  GROUP, LTD.    --------------------------------------  By: 
Its:    OCCUM ACQUISITION CORP.   
--------------------------------------  By:  Its:    SAFECO
CORPORATION    --------------------------------------  By:  Its:   
GENERAL AMERICA CORPORATION    -------------------------------------- 
By:  Its:   S-1    SCHEDULE A   ACQUIRED COMPANIES   - Safeco Life
Insurance Company, a Washington corporation and a wholly  owned subsidiary of
Seller   - American States Life Insurance Company, an Indiana corporation
and a  wholly owned subsidiary of Safeco Life Insurance Company   - First
Safeco National Life Insurance Company of New York, a New York  corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Safeco Life Insurance  Company   - Safeco
National Life Insurance Company, a Washington corporation and a  wholly owned
subsidiary of Safeco Life Insurance Company   - Safeco Assigned Benefits
Service Company, a Washington corporation and  a wholly owned subsidiary of
Seller   - Safeco Investment Services Inc., a Washington corporation and a
wholly  owned subsidiary of General America Corporation, a Washington 
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Seller   - Safeco
Administrative Services, Inc., a Washington corporation and a  wholly owned
subsidiary of Seller   - Employee Benefits Consultants, Inc., a Wisconsin
corporation and a  wholly owned subsidiary of Safeco Administrative Services,
Inc.   - Wisconsin Pension and Group Services, Inc., a Wisconsin
corporation  and a wholly owned subsidiary of Safeco Administrative Services,
Inc.   - Safeco Asset Management Company, a Washington corporation and a
wholly  owned subsidiary of Seller   - Safeco Securities Inc., a Washington
corporation and a wholly owned  subsidiary of Seller   - Safeco Services
Corporation, a Washington corporation and a wholly  owned subsidiary of
Seller     SCHEDULE 1.4   AGREED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES     SCHEDULE
4.5   PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT REPRESENTATIVES   PARENT: RAY BARRETTE, DAVID
FOY OR ROBERT SEELIG   SELLER: MICHAEL MCGAVICK, CHRISTINE MEAD OR JAMES
RUDDY     EXHIBIT A   FORM OF TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT    
EXHIBIT B   FORM OF BUYER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSE     EXHIBIT
C   FORM OF TRANSITIONAL TRADEMARK LICENSE     EXHIBIT D   FORM OF
LEASE AGREEMENT     EXHIBIT 1.4   FORM OF ERNST and YOUNG LLP AUDIT
OPINION   We have audited the accompanying statutory-basis balance sheet
of _____________ (the "Company") as of June 30, 2004, and the
related statutory-basis statements of operations, changes in capital and
surplus, and cash flow for the six months then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company\'s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.   We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   As described in Note 1
to the financial statements, the Company presents its financial statements in
conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by
______________ (the "Department"), which practices differ from accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. The variances between
such practices and accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States and the effects on the accompanying financial statements are described
in Note 1.   In our opinion, because of the effects of the matter described
in the preceding paragraph, the financial statements referred to above do not
present fairly, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States, the financial position of _______________ at June 30,
2004, or the results of its operations or its cash flow for the six months
then ended.   However, in our opinion, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
____________ at June 30, 2004, and the results of its operations and its cash
flow for the six months then ended in conformity with accounting practices
prescribed or permitted by the Department.    '

