 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER               AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   
between    THE SOUTH FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.    and   POINTE FINANCIAL
CORPORATION     Dated as of October 27,
2004                   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of October
27, 2004, between The South Financial Group, Inc., a South Carolina
corporation ("TSFG") and Pointe Financial Corporation, a Florida corporation
("PFC").   Recitals   The Boards of Directors of TSFG and PFC have
determined that it is in the best interests of their respective companies and
their shareholders to consummate the business combination transaction
provided for herein in which PFC will, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, merge (the "Merger") with and into TSFG.   The parties
desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in
connection with the Merger and also to prescribe certain conditions to the
Merger.   Agreement   In consideration of the mutual covenants,
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:    ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION   1.1 Definitions. The following terms shall
have the indicated definitions.  Acquisition Proposal. Any tender offer or
exchange offer or any proposal for a merger, reorganization, consolidation,
share exchange, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other business
combination involving PFC or any proposal or offer to acquire a substantial
equity interest in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, PFC, other
than the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  Articles of Merger.
The articles of merger complying with the FBCA and the SCBCA reflecting the
merger of PFC with and into TSFG.  BHC Act. The Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended.  DPC Shares. Shares of PFC Common Stock held by PFC, TSFG
or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries in respect of a debt previously contracted. 
Environmental Laws. Any applicable federal, state or local law, statute,
ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization, approval,
consent, order, judgment, decree, injunction or agreement with
any governmental entity relating to (1) the protection, preservation or
restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water
vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface soil,
subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or
(2) the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation,
processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of Hazardous
Materials. The term Environmental Law includes without limitation (a) the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as
amended, 42 U.S.C. ss.9601, et seq; the Clean Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C.
ss.7401, et seq; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33
U.S.C. ss.1251, et seq; the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, 15
U.S.C. ss.2601, et seq; the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know
Act, 42 U.S.C. ss.11001, et seq; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C.
ss.300f, et seq; and all comparable state and local laws, and (b) any common
law (including without limitation common law that may impose strict
liability) that may impose liability or obligations for injuries or damages
due to the presence of or exposure to any Hazardous Materials.  ERISA. The
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  Exchange Act.
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Exchange Agent. Registrar and
Transfer Company or the successor stock transfer agent of TSFG, which shall
be responsible for the exchange of the Merger Consideration for the PFC
Common Stock.  FBCA. The Florida Business Corporation Act, as amended. FDIC.
The  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  Fair Market Value. The average
of the last reported sale price per share of the TSFG Common Stock as
reported on the NASDAQ/NMS, or such other national securities exchange on
which the TSFG Common Stock is then traded if not then reported on the
NASDAQ/NMS (as reported in the Wall Street Journal or another mutually
agreeable authoritative source) for the ten consecutive trading days
immediately prior to the fifth business day prior to the Effective Time. 
Federal Reserve Board. The Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.  Federal Reserve Consent. The consent of the Federal Reserve
Board necessary to consummation of the Merger.  GAAP. Accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States consistently applied during the
periods involved.  Governmental Entity. Any court, administrative agency or
commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality.  Hazardous
Materials. Any chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances,
petroleum or any other regulated substances or materials regulated under
Environmental Laws, which is or could be detrimental to human health, safety
or the environment.  IRS. The Internal Revenue Service.  Knowledge. With
respect to PFC or TSFG, as the case may be, the actual knowledge of any of
the executive officers of such entity.  Loan Property. Any property in which
PFC holds a security interest (directly or indirectly through a
participation), and, where required by the context, such term means the owner
or operator of such property.  Material Adverse Effect. With respect to TSFG
or PFC, as the case may be, a condition, event, change or occurrence that has
a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial
condition of such party and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the ability
of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, in ease
case other than any such effect attributable to or resulting from (t) any
change in banking or similar laws, rules or regulations of general
applicability or interpretations thereof by a Governmental Entity, (u) any
change in GAAP or regulatory accounting principles applicable to banks,
thrifts or their holding companies generally, (v) any action or omission of
the parties taken with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto,
(w) any events, conditions or trends in business or financial conditions
affecting the banking industry, (x) any change or development in financial or
securities markets or the economy in general, including changes in interest
rates, or (y) the announcement or execution of this Agreement, including the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.  Mercantile Bank.
Mercantile Bank, a state-chartered, non-member bank and wholly owned
subsidiary of TSFG.  Merger Consideration. The Total Stock Amount and the
Total Cash Amount to be issued by TSFG upon conversion of the PFC Common
Stock as provided herein.  PFC Common Stock. The common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of PFC.  PFC Option Plans. Collectively, the 1994 Non-
Statutory Stock Option Plan and the 1998 Incentive Compensation and Stock
Award Plan, as referenced in PFC\'s SEC filings.  PFC Stock Certificate. A
certificate, which previous to the Merger represented any shares of PFC
Common Stock.  Pointe Bank. Pointe Bank, a state-chartered, member bank and
wholly- owned subsidiary of PFC.  Regulatory Agencies. The Federal Reserve
Board, the FDIC, any applicable state banking commissions or any other state
bank regulatory authority and any applicable self-regulatory organization
with jurisdiction over the parties hereto or transactions contemplated
herein.  Rights. Subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments
or agreements of any character to purchase capital stock.  SCBCA. The South
Carolina Business Corporation Act, as amended.  SEC. The Securities and
Exchange Commission.  Subsidiary. The word "Subsidiary" (1) when used with
respect to PFC shall mean any corporation, partnership or other organization,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, which is consolidated with such party
for financial reporting purposes, and (2) when used with respect to TSFG
shall mean each Subsidiary of TSFG that is a "Significant Subsidiary" within
the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.  Superior Proposal.
With respect to PFC, any written Acquisition Proposal made by a person other
than TSFG which is for (i) (a) a merger, reorganization, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, recapitalization or similar transaction
involving PFC, (b) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer, or other disposition of
at least 50% of the assets of PFC, in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions, or (c) the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by a
person of beneficial ownership of 50% or more of PFC Common Stock whether by
merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, tender, or
exchange offer or otherwise, and (ii) which is on terms which the Board of
Directors of PFC in good faith concludes (after consultation with its
financial advisors and outside counsel) would, if consummated, result in a
transaction that (a) is more favorable to its stockholders from a financial
point of view, than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (b) is
reasonably capable of being completed, and (c) that if not accepted by PFC\'s
Board of Directors, would result in a breach of the fiduciary duties of the
PFC Board of Directors.  Surviving Corporation. The surviving corporation to
the Merger, which shall be TSFG.  Taxes. Taxes shall mean all taxes,
charges, fees, levies, penalties or other assessments imposed by any United
States federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including, but not
limited to income, excise, property, sales, transfer, franchise, payroll,
withholding, social security or other taxes, including any interest,
penalties or additions attributable thereto.  Tax Return. Any return, report,
information return or other document (including any related or supporting
information) with respect to Taxes.  Trust Account Shares. Shares of PFC
Common Stock or TSFG Common Stock held directly or indirectly in trust
accounts, managed accounts and the like or otherwise held in a fiduciary
capacity by PFC, TSFG or their respective subsidiaries for the benefit of
third parties.  TSFG Common Stock. The common stock, par value $1.00 per
share, of TSFG.  1.2 Terms Defined Elsewhere. The capitalized terms set
forth below are defined in the following sections:  "Agreement" Preamble 
"Benefit Agreements" Section 7.8(c)  "Closing" Section 10.1  "Closing Date"
Section 10.1  "Code" Section 2.3  "Effective Time" Section 2.2  "Employment
Agreements" Section 7.8(a)  "EP Agreement" Section 7.8(c)  "ERISA Affiliate"
Section 4.13(a)  "Exchange Fund" Section 2.9  "Injunction" Section 8.1(e) 
"KBW" Section 4.9  "Loans" Section 4.21(a)  "Maximum Amount" Section 7.9 
"Merger" Recitals  "NASDAQ/NMS" Section 2.5(a)  "Plans" Section 4.13(a) 
"PFC" Preamble  "PFC Contract" Section 4.16(a)  "PFC Director" Section
7.12  "PFC Disclosure Schedule" Section 3.1  "PFC Financial Statements"
Section 4.8  "PFC Reports" Section 4.6  "Proxy Statement/Prospectus" Section
4.4  "Regulatory Agreement" Section 4.17  "Representatives" Section 7.3(a) 
"Requisite Regulatory Approvals" Section 8.1(c)  "S-4" Section 4.14 
"Securities Act" Section 2.12(b)  State Banking Approvals Section 4.4 
"TSFG" Preamble  "TSFG\'s Counsel" Section 8.2(d)  "TSFG Disclosure
Schedule" Section 3.1  "TSFG Financial Statements" Section 5.7  "TSFG
Preferred Stock" Section 5.2  "TSFG Reports" Section 5.5  "Termination Fee
Amount" Section 9.2(b)  "Transmittal Material" Section 2.5(b)   1.3
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to a Section of or
Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". The phrases "the date hereof" and terms of similar import,
unless the context otherwise requires, shall be deemed to refer to the date
of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to
require PFC, TSFG or any of their respective affiliates to take any action
that would violate any applicable law (including common law), rule
or regulation.    ARTICLE II  PLAN OF MERGER   2.1 The Merger. Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the FBCA
and SCBCA, at the Effective Time, PFC shall merge with and into TSFG. TSFG
shall be the Surviving Corporation, and shall continue its corporate
existence under the laws of the State of South Carolina. The name of the
Surviving Corporation shall continue to be "The South Financial Group,
Inc." Upon consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of
PFC shall terminate.   2.2 Effective Time and Effects of the Merger.
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date, the
Articles of Merger shall be duly prepared, executed and delivered for filing
with the Secretaries of State of the State of Florida and the State of South
Carolina. The Merger shall occur no later than five business days following
the latest to be received of (i) the Requisite Regulatory Approvals from
applicable federal and state bank regulatory authorities and expiration of
applicable statutory waiting periods as a result thereof and (ii) PFC
stockholder approval of this Agreement (collectively, the "PFC Approvals");
but in no event earlier than April 1, 2004 (the "Effective Time"). The date
which is the latest to occur of (i) or (ii) above shall be the "PFC Approval
Date." At and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set
forth in the FBCA and SCBCA.   2.3 Tax Consequences. It is intended that the
Merger shall constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and that this
Agreement shall constitute a plan of reorganization for the purposes of
Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.   2.4 Conversion of PFC Common Stock. 
(a) At the Effective Time, subject to Section 2.10(e), each share of PFC
Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than shares of PFC Common Stock held directly or indirectly by
PFC, TSFG or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries (except for Trust Account Shares and
DPC Shares)) shall, by virtue of this Agreement and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be converted into and exchangeable for the right
to receive, at the election of the holder thereof as provided in and subject
to the provisions of Section 2.5, either (i) a number of shares of TSFG
common stock equal to the Per Share Stock Consideration or (ii) cash in an
amount equal to the Per Share Consideration (the "Per Share Cash
Consideration".   For purposes of Section 2.4(a), 2.5 and otherwise in this
Agreement:  Aggregate Consideration means the sum of (x) the Total
Stock Consideration and (y) the Total Cash Amount.  Cash Percentage means
the quotient, rounded to the nearest thousandth, obtained by dividing (A) the
quotient obtained by dividing the Total Cash Amount by the Per Share
Consideration, by (B) the total number of shares of PFC Common Stock
outstanding as of the close of business on the Determination Date.  Common
Stock Deemed Outstanding means the sum of (x) the total number of shares of
PFC Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on the Determination
Date and (y) the Total Outstanding Options.  Final TSFG Stock Price means the
average of the closing sale prices of TSFG Common Stock as reported on the
Nasdaq Stock Market\'s National Market (the "NASDAQ/NMS"), or such other
national securities exchange on which the TSEG Common Stock is then traded if
not then reported on the NASDAQ/NMS, during the Valuation Period.  Per Share
Stock Consideration means the quotient, rounded to the nearest ten-
thousandth, obtained by dividing the Per Share Consideration by the Final
TSFG Stock Price.  Per Share Consideration means the quotient, rounded to the
nearest ten-thousandth, obtained by dividing the Aggregate Consideration by
the Common Stock Deemed Outstanding.  Stock Percentage means the amount
equal to one (1) minus the Cash Percentage.  Total Stock Consideration means
the product obtained by multiplying (x) the Total Stock Amount and (y) the
Final TSFG Stock Price.  Total Cash Amount means an amount equal to
$24,493,075.  Total Outstanding Options means the number of shares of PFC
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of all options granted by the Company to
purchase shares of PFC Common Stock pursuant to the PFC Option Plan and
outstanding as of the close of business on the Determination Date.  Total
Stock Amount means 2,554,022 shares.  Valuation Period means the ten
consecutive trading days during which the shares of TSFG Common Stock are
traded on the NASDAQ/NMS ending on the third calendar day immediately prior
to the Effective Time (such day, the "Determination Date").   (b) All of
the shares of PFC Common Stock converted into the Per Share Consideration
pursuant to this Article II shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of PFC
Stock Certificates shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect
to such securities, except the right to receive for each share (i) the Per
Share Consideration, (ii) any dividends and other distributions in accordance
with Section 2.10(b) hereof, and (iii) any cash in lieu of fractional shares
pursuant to Section 2.10(e).   (c) If, between the date hereof and the
Effective Time, (i) the shares of TSFG Common Stock shall be changed (or TSFG
establishes a record date for changing such shares which is prior to the
Effective Time) into a different number or class of shares by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, exchange of shares
or readjustment, (ii) a stock dividend shall be declared (or TSFG establishes
a record date for such dividend which is prior to the Effective Time) in
respect of TSFG Common Stock, or (iii) any distribution is made (or TSFG
establishes a record date for such distribution which is prior to the
Effective Time) in respect of TSFG Common Stock other than a regular
quarterly cash dividend consistent with past practice,
proportionate adjustments shall be made to the Per Share Cash Consideration
and the Per Share Stock Consideration.   (d) At the Effective Time, all
shares of PFC Common Stock that are owned directly or indirectly by PFC, TSFG
or any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries (other than Trust Account Shares and DPC
Shares) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no stock of TSFG,
cash or other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. All
shares of TSFG Common Stock that are owned by PFC (other than Trust Account
Shares and DPC Shares) shall be cancelled.   2.5 Election Procedures.  (a)
An election form in such form as TSFG and PFC shall mutually agree (the
"Election Form") shall be mailed concurrent with the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Customary transmittal materials (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
certificates theretofore representing shares of PFC Common Stock shall pass,
only upon proper delivery of such certificates to the Exchange Agent) in such
form as TSFG and PFC shall mutually agree (the "Transmittal Materials") shall
be mailed at least 35 days prior to the Election Deadline (as defined below)
or on such other date as PFC and TSFG shall mutually agree (the "Mailing
Date") to each holder of record of PFC Common Stock as of the close of
business on the fifth business day prior to the Mailing Date (the "Election
Form Record Date").   (b) Each Election Form shall permit the holder (or the
beneficial owner through appropriate and customary documentation and
instructions) to elect to receive (i) the Per Share Stock Consideration in
respect of all of such holder\'s PFC Common Stock ("Stock Election Shares"),
(ii) the Per Share Cash Consideration in respect of all of such holder\'s PFC
Common Stock ("Cash Election Shares"), (iii) the Per Share Stock
Consideration in respect of that portion of such holder\'s shares of PFC
Common Stock equal to the Stock Percentage, rounded to the nearest whole
share (the "Mixed Stock Shares"), and the Per Share Cash Consideration in
respect of that portion of such holder\'s shares of PFC Common Stock equal to
the Cash Percentage, rounded to the nearest whole share (the "Mixed Cash
Shares," and together with the Mixed Stock Shares, the "Mixed Election
Shares"), or (iv) to make no election with respect to such holder\'s PFC
Common Stock ("No Election Shares"). Any PFC Common Stock with respect to
which the Exchange Agent has not received an effective, properly completed
Election Form on or before 5:00 p.m., on the Election Deadline shall also be
deemed to be "No Election Shares". The "Election Deadline" shall be 5:00 p.m.
on the first business day following the date on which the PFC
stockholder meeting at which this Agreement will be considered is called to
occur (or such other date as TSFG and PFC may mutually agree).   (c) TSFG
shall make available one or more Election Forms as may reasonably be
requested from time to time by all persons who become holders (or beneficial
owners) of PFC Common Stock between the Election Form Record Date and the
close of business on the business day prior to the Election Deadline, and PFC
shall provide to the Exchange Agent all information reasonably necessary
for it to perform as specified herein.   (d) Any such election shall have
been properly made only if the Exchange Agent shall have actually received a
properly completed Election Form by the Election Deadline. An Election Form
shall be deemed properly completed only if accompanied by one or more
certificates (or customary affidavits and indemnification regarding the loss
or destruction of such certificates or the guaranteed delivery of such
certificates) representing all shares of PFC Common Stock covered by such
Election Form, together with duly executed transmittal materials included in
the Election Form. Any Election Form may be revoked or changed by the person
submitting such Election Form at or prior to the Election Deadline. In the
event an Election Form is revoked prior to the Election Deadline and a
replacement Election Form as to the applicable PFC Common Stock is not
submitted prior to the Election Deadline, the shares of PFC Common
Stock represented by such Election Form shall become No Election Shares and
TSFG shall cause the certificates representing PFC Common Stock to be
promptly returned without charge to the Person submitting the Election Form
upon written request to that effect from the holder who submitted the
Election Form. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and of the Election
Form, the Exchange Agent shall have reasonable discretion to determine
whether any election, revocation or change has been properly or timely made
and to disregard immaterial defects in the Election Forms, and any good faith
decisions of TSFG regarding such matters shall be binding and conclusive.
None of PFC, TSFG or the Exchange Agent shall be under any obligation to
notify any person of any defect in an Election Form.   (e) Within ten
business days after the Election Deadline, unless the Effective Time has not
yet occurred, in which case as soon thereafter as practicable, TSFG shall
cause the Exchange Agent to effect the allocation among the holders of PFC
Common Stock of rights to receive TSFG Common Stock or cash in the Merger in
accordance with the Election Forms as follows:   (i) Cash Election Shares
and Mixed Cash Shares More Than Total  Cash Amount. If the aggregate cash
amount that would be paid upon the  conversion in the Merger of the Cash
Election Shares and the Mixed Cash  Shares is greater than the Total Cash
Amount, then:  (A) all Mixed Stock Shares, Stock Election Shares and  No
Election Shares shall be converted into the right to  receive the Per Share
Stock Consideration,  (B) the Exchange Agent shall then select from among 
the Cash Election Shares, by a pro rata selection process, a  sufficient
number of shares ("Stock Designated Shares") such  that the aggregate cash
amount that will be paid in the Merger  equals as closely as practicable the
Total Cash Amount, and  all Stock Designated Shares shall be converted into
the right  to receive the Per Share Stock Consideration, and  (C) the Cash
Election Shares that are not Stock  Designated Shares and all Mixed Cash
Shares will be converted  into the right to receive the Per Share Cash
Consideration.   (ii) Cash Election Shares Plus Mixed Cash Shares Less
Than  Total Cash Amount. If the aggregate cash amount that would be paid
upon  conversion in the Merger of the Cash Election Shares and the Mixed
Cash  Shares is less than the Total Cash Amount, then:  (A) all Cash
Election Shares and Mixed Cash Shares  shall be converted into the right to
receive the Per Share  Cash Consideration,  (B) the Exchange Agent shall
then select first from  among the No Election Shares and then (if necessary)
from  among the Stock Election Shares, by a pro rata selection  process, a
sufficient number of shares ("Cash Designated  Shares") such that the
aggregate cash amount that will be paid  in the Merger equals as closely as
practicable the Total Cash  Amount, and all Cash Designated Shares shall be
converted into  the right to receive the Per Share Cash Consideration, and 
(C) the Stock Election Shares and the No Election  shares that are not Cash
Designated Shares and all Mixed Stock  Shares shall be converted into the
right to receive the Per  Share Stock Consideration.   (iii) Cash Election
Shares and Mixed Cash Shares Equal to  Total Cash Amount. If the aggregate
cash amount that would be paid upon  conversion in the Merger of the Cash
Election Shares and the Mixed Cash  Shares is equal or nearly equal (as
determined by the Exchange Agent)  to the Total Cash Amount, then
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above shall  not apply and all Cash Election
Shares and Mixed Cash Shares shall be  converted into the right to receive
the Per Share Cash Consideration  and all Stock Election Shares, Mixed Stock
Shares and No Election  Shares shall be converted into the right to receive
the Per Share Stock  Consideration.   (f) The pro rata selection process to
be used by the Exchange Agent shall consist of such equitable pro ration
processes as shall be mutually determined by TSFG and PFC.   2.6 TSFG
Common Stock. Except for shares of TSFG Common Stock owned by PFC (other than
Trust Account Shares and DPC Shares), which shall be cancelled
as contemplated by Section 2.4 hereof, the shares of TSFG Common Stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be unaffected
by the Merger and such shares shall remain issued and outstanding.   2.7
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. At the Effective Time, the Articles of
Incorporation of TSFG, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time,
shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation. At the
Effective Time, the Bylaws of TSFG, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.   2.8 Directors and
Executive Officers. At and after the Effective Time, the directors of TSFG
shall consist of all of the directors of TSFG serving immediately prior to
the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified. The executive
officers of TSFG immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance
with the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation
until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified.   2.9 TSFG to Make Shares Available. At or prior to the Effective
Time, TSFG shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited with the Exchange
Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Article II, (i) certificates
representing the shares of TSFG Common Stock to be issued pursuant to Section
2.4 and Section 2.10(a) in exchange for outstanding shares of PFC Common
Stock, (ii) such cash as shall be necessary to pay the Per Share Cash
Consideration in accordance with Section 2.4 and 2.10(a) hereof, and (iii)
the cash in lieu of fractional shares to be paid in accordance with Section
2.10(e) hereof. Such cash and certificates for shares of TSFG Common Stock,
together with any dividends or distributions with respect thereto, are
hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund."   2.10 Exchange of Shares. 
(a) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, and in any event within
seven business days after the Effective Time, or otherwise as may be agreed
upon by the parties, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record
of PFC Stock Certificates at the Effective Time, a form letter of transmittal
(which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the PFC Stock Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the PFC
Stock Certificates, to the Exchange Agent, and (ii) shall be subject to the
reasonable approval of PFC) and instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the PFC Stock Certificates in exchange for Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of PFC Stock Certificates for exchange and
cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with a properly executed letter
of transmittal, the holder of such PFC Stock Certificates shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor (x) a certificate representing that number of
whole shares of TSFG Common Stock which such holder of PFC Common Stock
became entitled to receive pursuant to the provisions of Article II hereof
and (y) a check representing the aggregate Per Share Cash Consideration
and/or the amount of cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any, which such
holder has the right to receive in respect of the PFC Stock Certificates
surrendered pursuant to the provisions of Article I hereof, and the PFC Stock
Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest will be
paid or accrued on the Per Share Cash Consideration, on the cash in lieu of
fractional shares or the unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, payable
to holders of PFC Stock Certificates.  (b) No dividends or other
distributions declared after the Effective Time with respect to TSFG Common
Stock and payable to the holders of record thereof shall be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered PFC Stock Certificate until the holder thereof
shall surrender such PFC Stock Certificate in accordance with this Article
II. After the surrender of a PFC Stock Certificate in accordance with this
Article II, the record holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such
dividends or other distributions, without any interest thereon, which
theretofore had become payable with respect to shares of TSFG Common Stock
represented by such PFC Stock Certificate.  (c) If any certificate
representing shares of TSFG Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than
that in which the PFC Stock Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is
registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance thereof that the PFC
Stock Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed (or accompanied
by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for
transfer, and that the person requesting such exchange shall pay to the
Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the issuance of a certificate representing shares of TSFG Common Stock in any
name other than that of the registered holder of the PFC Stock Certificate
surrendered, or required for any other reason connected to such transfer, or
shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that
such tax has been paid or is not payable.  (d) After the Effective Time,
there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of PFC of the shares
of PFC Common Stock which were issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, PFC Stock Certificates
representing such shares are presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent,
they shall be cancelled and exchanged for certificates representing shares of
TSFG Common Stock, as provided in this Article II.  (e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, no certificates or scrip
representing fractional shares of TSFG Common Stock shall be issued upon the
surrender for exchange of PFC Stock Certificates, no dividend or distribution
with respect to TSFG Common Stock shall be payable on or with respect to any
fractional share, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the
owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a shareholder of TSFG. In
lieu of the issuance of any such fractional share, TSFG shall pay to each
former stockholder of PFC who otherwise would be entitled to receive
a fractional share of TSFG Common Stock an amount in cash determined
by multiplying (i) the Fair Market Value by (ii) the fraction of a share of
TSFG Common Stock which such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive
pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof.  (f) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that
remains unclaimed by the stockholders of PFC for twelve months after the
Effective Time shall be paid to TSFG. Any stockholders of PFC who have not
theretofore complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to TSFG
for payment of the Per Share Consideration and/or the unpaid dividends and
distributions on the TSFG Common Stock deliverable in respect of each share
of PFC Common Stock such stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this
Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, none of TSFG, PFC, the Exchange Agent or any other person shall be
liable to any former holder of shares of PFC Common Stock for any amount
properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws.  (g) In the event any PFC Stock
Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such PFC Stock Certificate to
be lost, stolen or destroyed and the posting by such person of a bond in such
amount as the Exchange Agent may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such PFC Stock Certificate, the
Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed PFC
Stock Certificate the Per Share Consideration deliverable in respect thereof
pursuant to this Agreement.   2.11 [Reserved]   2.12 Stock Options and
Restricted Stock.  (a) At the Effective Time, each option granted by PFC
under the PFC Option Plans, which is outstanding and unexercised immediately
prior thereto shall cease to represent a right to acquire shares of PFC
Common Stock and shall be converted automatically into a fully-vested option
to purchase shares of TSFG Common Stock in an amount and at an exercise price
determined as provided below (and in accordance with the terms of the
applicable PFC Option Plan), the agreements evidencing grants thereunder, and
any other agreements between PFC and an optionee regarding PFC Options): 
(1) the number of shares of TSFG Common Stock to be subject to  the new
option shall be equal to the product of the number of shares of  PFC Common
Stock subject to the original option immediately prior to  the Effective Time
and the Per Share Stock Consideration, provided that  any fractional shares
of TSFG Common Stock resulting from such  multiplication shall be rounded
down to the nearest whole share; and  (2) the exercise price per share of
TSFG Common Stock under  the new option shall be equal to the exercise price
per share of PFC  Common Stock under the original option immediately prior to
the  Effective Time divided by the Per Share Stock Consideration, provided 
that such exercise price shall be rounded up to the nearest cent.  (b)
Immediately prior to the Effective Time, each restricted stock award granted
by PFC that is held by any PFC employee or director will be deemed fully
vested, all restrictions deemed to lapse and all performance
conditions deemed fully achieved.  (c) Prior to the Effective Time, TSFG
shall reserve for issuance the number of shares of TSFG Common Stock
necessary to satisfy TSFG\'s obligations under this Section. TSFG shall file
with the SEC no later than ten business days after the Effective Time, a
registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), with respect to the shares of TSFG
Common Stock subject to options to acquire TSFG Common Stock issued pursuant
to this Section, and shall use its best efforts to maintain the current
status of the prospectus contained therein, as well as comply with applicable
state securities or "blue sky" laws, for so long as such options remain
outstanding; provided, however, that TSFG shall only be required to file and
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement with respect
to options that are eligible to be registered on a Form S-8.  (d) Prior to
the Effective Time, TSFG and PFC shall take all such steps as may be required
to cause any acquisitions of TSFG equity securities (including derivative
securities with respect to any TSFG equity securities) and dispositions of
PFC equity securities (including derivative securities with respect to any
PFC equity securities) resulting from the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement by each individual who is anticipated to be subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to
TSFG or who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act with respect to PFC, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act.    ARTICLE III  DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES; STANDARDS
FOR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES   3.1 Disclosure Schedules. Prior to the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, PFC has delivered to TSFG, and TSFG
has delivered to PFC, a schedule (in the case of PFC, the "PFC Disclosure
Schedule," and in the case of TSFG, the "TSFG Disclosure Schedule") setting
forth, among other things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or
appropriate either in response to an express disclosure requirement contained
in a provision hereof or as an exception to one or more of such party\'s
representations or warranties contained in Article IV, in the case of PFC, or
Article V, in the case of TSFG, or to one or more of such party\'s covenants
contained in Article VI (it being understood and agreed that (i) if an item
is properly set forth in one PFC Disclosure Schedule, it shall be deemed to
be set forth in any other relevant PFC Disclosure Schedule, and (ii) if an
item is properly set forth in one TSFG Disclosure Schedule, it shall
be deemed to be set forth in any other relevant TSFG Disclosure
Schedule); provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary (a) no such item is required to be set forth in the
Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty if its
absence would not result in the related representation or warranty being
deemed untrue or incorrect under the standard established by Section 3.2, and
(b) the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to
a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by a party that
such item represents a material exception or material fact, event or
circumstance or that such item has had or would have a Material Adverse
Effect with respect to either PFC or TSFG, respectively.   3.2 Standards.
No representation or warranty of PFC contained in Article IV or of TSFG
contained in Article V shall be deemed untrue or incorrect for any purpose
under this Agreement, and no party hereto shall be deemed to have breached a
representation or warranty for any purpose under this Agreement, in any case
as a consequence of the existence or absence of any fact, circumstance or
event unless such fact, circumstance or event, individually or when
taken together with all other facts, circumstances or events inconsistent
with any representations or warranties contained in Article IV, in the case
of PFC, or Article V, in the case of TSFG, has had or would have a Material
Adverse Effect with respect to PFC or TSFG, respectively.   3.3
Subsidiaries. Where the context permits, "TSFG" shall refer to TSFG and each
of its Subsidiaries and "PFC" shall refer to PFC and each of
its Subsidiaries.   ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
COMPANY   Subject to Article III, PFC hereby represents and warrants to TSFG
as follows:   4.1 Corporate Organization. (a) PFC is a bank holding company
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Florida. PFC has the corporate power and authority to own or lease
all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the
character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it
makes such licensing or qualification necessary. The Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of PFC, copies of which have previously been made
available to TSFG, are true and correct copies of such documents as in effect
as of the date hereof.  (b) Each Subsidiary of PFC is duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation or organization. Each Subsidiary of PFC has the corporate power
and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary.
The deposit accounts of each Subsidiary of PFC that is a bank are insured by
the FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund or the Savings Association Insurance
Fund to the fullest extent permitted by law, and all premiums and assessments
required in connection therewith have been paid when due.  (c) PFC has no,
and since December 31, 1998 PFC has not had any, Subsidiaries other than
those listed in Section 4.1(c) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, all of which
are 100% owned. PFC neither owns nor controls, directly or indirectly 5% or
more of the outstanding equity securities, either directly or indirectly, of
any Person.  (d) Except as set forth on Section 4.1(d) of the PFC
Disclosure Schedule, the minute books of PFC contain true and correct records
of all meetings and other corporate actions held or taken since December 31,
2001 of its stockholders and Board of Directors (including committees of the
Board of Directors).   4.2 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of
PFC consists of 5,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of the
date hereof, (1) there are 2,274,610 shares of PFC Common Stock issued and
outstanding, (2) no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and (3) 297,000
shares of PFC Common Stock held by PFC as treasury stock. Except as set forth
on Section 4.2 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there
were no shares of PFC Common Stock reserved for issuance for any reason or
purpose. All of the issued and outstanding shares of PFC Common Stock have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and
free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability attaching to the
ownership thereof. Except as set forth on Section 4.2 of the PFC Disclosure
Schedule, PFC does not have and is not bound by any outstanding Rights
calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of PFC Common Stock or any
other equity security of PFC or any securities representing the right to
purchase or otherwise receive any shares of PFC Common Stock or any other
equity security of PFC. On September 30, 2004, PFC had approximately 148
shareholders of record.   4.3 Authority. PFC has full corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of PFC. The Board of
Directors of PFC has directed that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby be submitted to PFC\'s stockholders for approval at a
meeting of such stockholders and, except for the adoption of this Agreement
by the requisite vote of PFC\'s stockholders, no other corporate proceedings
on the part of PFC are necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by PFC and (assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by TSFG) this Agreement constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of PFC, enforceable against PFC in accordance
with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by general principles of
equity whether applied in a court of law or a court of equity and by
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and
remedies generally.   4.4 Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the filing
with the SEC of the S-4, including the proxy statement/prospectus therein
relating to the meeting of PFC\'s stockholders to be held in connection with
the transactions contemplated herein (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus") and
to register the shares of TSFG Common Stock to be issued in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereto (including the shares of TSFG Common
Stock to be issued in connection with the new options referred to in Section
2.11 hereof and the SEC\'s declaration of the effectiveness of the S-4, (b)
the approval of this Agreement by the requisite vote of the stockholders of
PFC, (c) the filing of applications and notices, as applicable, with the
Federal Reserve Board under the BHC Act and with the FDIC under the Bank
Merger Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the rules and regulations of
the FDIC, and approval of such applications and notices, (d) the filing of
such applications, filings, authorizations, orders and approvals as may be
required under applicable state law (the "State Banking Approvals") and (e)
any consents or approvals listed in Section 4.4 of the PFC Disclosure
Schedule, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any
Governmental Entity or with any third party are required to be made by PFC in
connection with (1) the execution and delivery by PFC of this Agreement or
(2) the consummation by PFC of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby.   4.5 No Violations. Except as may be set
forth in Section 4.5 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by PFC, nor the consummation by PFC of the
transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by PFC with any of the terms
or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of PFC, or (ii) assuming that the consents and
approvals referred to in Section 4.4 hereof are duly obtained, (x) violate
any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree
or injunction applicable to PFC or any of its properties or assets, or (y)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of
any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate
the performance required by, or result in the creation of any lien, pledge,
security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the properties or
assets of PFC under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which PFC is a party, or by which it or
its properties or assets may be bound or affected.   4.6 SEC Reports. PFC
has previously made available to TSFG a true and correct copy of each (a)
final registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive
proxy statement filed since December 31, 2001 by PFC with the SEC pursuant to
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the "PFC Reports") and (b)
communication mailed by PFC to its shareholders since December 31, 2001, and
no such PFC Report (when filed and at their respective effective time, if
applicable) or communication (when mailed) contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except
that information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as
of an earlier date. PFC has timely filed all PFC Reports and other documents
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
since December 31, 2001, and each such PFC Report and other documents
complied in all material respects with the rules and regulations applicable
thereto when filed.   4.7 Regulatory Reports. PFC has timely filed all
reports, registrations and statements, together with any amendments required
to be made with respect thereto, that it was required to file since December
31, 2001 with the Regulatory Agencies and has paid all fees and assessments
due and payable in connection therewith. Except for normal examinations
conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the business of
PFC, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to the knowledge
of PFC, investigation into the business or operations of PFC since December
31, 2001. There is no unresolved violation or exception by any Regulatory
Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any examinations
of PFC.   4.8 Financial Statements. PFC has previously made available to
TSFG (1) copies of the balance sheets of PFC as of December 31 for the fiscal
years 2002 and 2003, and the related statements of earnings, stockholders\'
equity and cash flows for the fiscal years 2001 through 2003, inclusive, as
reported in PFC\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2003 with the SEC under the Exchange Act, accompanied by the
audit report of Hacker, Johnson and Smith, P.A., independent public accountants
with respect to PFC, and (2) copies of unaudited balance sheets and the
related statements of earnings, stockholders\' equity and cash flows of PFC
at and for the quarters ended March 31, 2003 and June 30, 2003 as reported in
PFC\'s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for such quarters filed with the SEC
under the Exchange Act, and will make available on or before November 14 2004
copies of unaudited balance sheets and the related statements of earnings,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows of PFC at and for the three months ended
September 30, 2004 (collectively, the "PFC Financial Statements"). Subject,
in the case of the unaudited statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in
nature and amount, the PFC Financial Statements fairly present the financial
position of PFC as of the dates indicated therein, and when included in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will fairly present the results of the operations
and financial position of PFC for the respective fiscal periods or as of the
respective dates therein set forth. Subject, in the case of the unaudited
statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and amount, each of the
PFC Financial Statements (including the related notes, where applicable)
complies, and PFC\'s Financial Statements to be included in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus after the date hereof will comply, with
applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto; and each of such statements
(including the related notes, where applicable) has been, and PFC\'s
Financial Statements to be included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will
be, prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as indicated in the notes
thereto or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the SEC. The
books and records of PFC have been, and are being, maintained in accordance
with GAAP and any other applicable legal and accounting requirements.   4.9
Broker\'s Fees. Neither PFC nor any of its officers or directors has employed
any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s
fees, commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except that PFC has engaged, and
will pay a fee or commission to Keefe, Bruyette and Woods ("KBW") in accordance
with the terms of a letter agreement between KBW and PFC, a true and correct
copy of which has been previously made available by PFC to TSFG.   4.10
Absence of Certain Changes or Events. (a) Except as disclosed in any PFC
Report filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof, since December 31,
2003, (i) there has been no change or development or combination of changes
or developments which, individually or in the aggregate, has had a Material
Adverse Effect on PFC, and (ii) PFC has carried on its business in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.  (b) Except as
may be set forth in Section 4.10(b) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, since
December 31, 2003 and solely with respect to executive officers (senior vice
president or above) and PFC directors, PFC has not (1) increased the base
salary, incentive compensation targets, or pension benefits, or materially
increased other fringe benefits or perquisites payable to any such person
from the amount thereof in effect as of December 31, 2003, (2) granted any
severance or termination pay to any such person or entered into any
contract to make or grant any severance or termination pay to such person,
(3) paid any bonus to any such person or (4) entered into any employment-
or compensation-related agreement with any such person.   4.11 Legal
Proceedings. Except as disclosed in any PFC Report, (a) PFC is not a party to
any, and there are no pending or, to PFC\'s knowledge, threatened, legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions
or governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature against PFC
or challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and (b) there is no injunction, order, judgment or decree
imposed upon PFC or its assets.   4.12 Taxes. PFC has (i) duly and timely
filed (including applicable extensions granted without penalty) all material
Tax Returns required to be filed at or prior to the Effective Time, and all
such Tax Returns are true and correct, and (ii) paid in full or made adequate
provision in the financial statements of PFC (in accordance with GAAP) for
all material Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns other than taxes (a)
which (x) are not yet delinquent or (y) are being contested in good faith and
set forth in Section 4.12 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule and (b) which have
not been finally determined. (i) As of the date hereof PFC has not requested
any extension of time within which to file any Tax Returns in respect of any
fiscal year which have not since been filed and no request for waivers of the
time to assess any Taxes are pending or outstanding, and (ii) as of the date
hereof, with respect to each taxable period of PFC, the federal and state
income Tax Returns of PFC have not been audited by the IRS or appropriate
state tax authorities.   4.13 Employees. (a) Section 4.13(a) of the PFC
Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and correct list of each deferred
compensation plan, incentive compensation plan, equity compensation plan,
"welfare" plan, fund or program (within the meaning of section 3(1) of ERISA;
"pension" plan, fund or program (within the meaning of section 3(2) of
ERISA); each employment, termination or severance agreement; and each other
employee benefit plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement, in each case,
that is sponsored, maintained or contributed to or required to be contributed
to by PFC, any of its Subsidiaries or by any trade or business, whether or
not incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), all of which together with PFC would
be deemed a "single employer" within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA,
for the benefit of any employee or former employee of PFC, any Subsidiary or
any ERISA Affiliate (the "Plans"). No Plan is subject to Title IV or Section
302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.  (b) PFC has heretofore made
available to TSFG with respect to each of the Plans true and correct copies
of each of the following documents, if applicable: (i) the Plan document;
(ii) the annual report (Form 5500 Series) for such Plan for each of the last
two years, (iii) the most recent determination letter from the IRS for such
Plan and (iv) the most recent summary plan description and related summaries
of material modifications.  (c) Each of the Plans is in compliance with the
applicable provisions of the Code and ERISA; each of the Plans intended to be
"qualified" within the meaning of section 401(a) of the Code has received a
favorable determination letter from the IRS; neither PFC nor any ERISA
Affiliate has incurred, directly or indirectly, any liability to or on
account of a Plan pursuant to Title IV of ERISA; no Plan is a multiemployer
plan within the meaning of section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and no Plan is a
multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413 of the Code; and
there are no pending, or to the knowledge of PFC, threatened or anticipated
claims (other than routine claims for benefits) by, on behalf of or against
any of the Plans or any trusts related thereto.  (d) Since December 31,2003,
PFC has not (i) suffered any strike, work stoppage, slow-down, or other labor
disturbance, (ii) been a party to a collective bargaining agreement, contract
or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or organization, or
(iii) had any union organizing activities.  (e) Section 4.13(e) of the PFC
Disclosure Schedule sets forth all employment contracts, plans, programs,
agreements or other benefits that PFC is a party to or bound by and which
could be subject to Section 280G of the Code.   4.14 PFC Information. The
information relating to PFC which is provided to TSFG by PFC for inclusion in
the registration statement on Form S-4 (the "S-4") in which the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be included as a prospectus, or in any other
document filed with any other regulatory agency in connection herewith, will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus (to the extent it relates to PFC) will comply with
the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder.   4.15 Compliance with Applicable Law. PFC holds, and at all
times during the past three years has held, all licenses, franchises, permits
and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of its businesses and has
complied with and is not in default in any respect under any, applicable law,
statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any Governmental
Entity relating to PFC, and PFC has not received notice of any violations of
any of the above.   4.16 Certain Contracts. (a) Except as set forth in
Section 4.16(a) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, PFC is not a party to or
bound by any contract (whether written or oral) (i) with respect to the
employment of any directors, officers, employees or consultants, (ii) which,
upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
will (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional acts or events)
result in any payment or benefits (whether of severance pay or otherwise)
becoming due, or the acceleration or vesting of any rights to any payment or
benefits, from TSFG, PFC, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective Subsidiaries to any officer, director, employee or consultant of
PFC, (iii) which is a material contract (as defined in Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K of the SEC) to be performed after the date hereof, (iv) which
is a consulting agreement (including data processing, software programming
and licensing contracts) not terminable on 90 days or less notice involving
the payment of more than $50,000 per annum, or (v) which materially restricts
the conduct of any line of business by PFC. Each contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section 4.16(a),
whether or not set forth in Section 4.16(a) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule,
is referred to herein as a "PFC Contract." PFC has previously delivered or
made available to TSFG true and correct copies of each contract, arrangement,
commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section 4.16(a). 
(b) Each PFC Contract is valid and binding and in full force and effect, (ii)
PFC has performed all obligations required to be performed by it to date
under each PFC Contract, (iii) no event or condition exists which constitutes
or, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute, a default on the
part of PFC under any PFC Contract, and (iv) no other party to any PFC
Contract is, to the knowledge of PFC, in default in any
respect thereunder.   4.17 Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Except as
may be set forth in Section 4.17 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, PFC is not
subject to any cease-and-desist or other order issued by, or is a party to
any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with,
or is a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is
subject to any order or directive by, or is a recipient of any extraordinary
supervisory letter from, or has adopted any board resolutions at the request
of (each, whether or not set forth on Section 4.17 of the PFC Disclosure
Schedule, a "Regulatory Agreement"), nor any Regulatory Agency that restricts
the conduct of its business or that in any manner relates to its capital
adequacy, its credit policies, its management or its business, nor has PFC
been advised by any Regulatory Agency that it is considering issuing or
requesting any Regulatory Agreement.   4.18 Environmental Matters. Except as
may be set forth in Section 4.18 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule:  (a) PFC
and, to the knowledge of PFC, each of the Loan Properties, are in compliance
with all Environmental Laws.  (b) There is no suit, claim, action or
proceeding, pending or, to the knowledge of PFC, threatened, before any
Governmental Entity or other forum in which PFC, any Loan Property, has been
or, with respect to threatened proceedings, may be, named as a defendant (x)
for alleged noncompliance (including by any predecessor) with any
Environmental Laws, or (y) relating to the release, threatened release or
exposure to any Hazardous Material whether or not occurring at or on a site
owned, leased or operated by PFC or any Loan Property.  (c) To the knowledge
of PFC, during the period of (x) PFC\'s ownership or operation of any of its
current or former properties or (y) PFC\'s interest in a Loan Property, there
has been no release of Hazardous Materials in, on, under or affecting any
such property. To the knowledge of PFC, prior to the period of (x) PFC\'s
ownership or operation of any of its current or former properties or (y)
PFC\'s interest in a Loan Property, there was no release of
Hazardous Materials in, on, under or affecting any such property or Loan
Property.   4.19 Opinion. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, PFC has
received an opinion from KBW to the effect that, as of the date thereof and
based upon and subject to the matters set forth therein, the Merger
Consideration to be received by the stockholders of PFC is fair to such
stockholders from a financial point of view. Such opinion has not been
amended or rescinded as of the date hereof.   4.20 Approvals. As of the
date hereof, PFC knows of no fact or condition relating to PFC that would
prevent all regulatory approvals required for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the Merger)
from being obtained.   4.21 Loan Portfolio. (a) PFC is not a party to any
written or oral (i) loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement (including,
without limitation, leases, credit enhancements, commitments, guarantees or
interest-bearing assets) (collectively, "Loans"), other than Loans the unpaid
principal balance of which does not exceed $100,000, under the terms of which
the obligor was, as of September 30, 2004, over 90 days delinquent in payment
of principal or interest or in default of any other provision, or (ii) Loan
with any director, executive officer or 5% or greater stockholder of PFC, or
to the knowledge of PFC, any person, corporation or enterprise controlling,
controlled by or under common control with any of the foregoing. Section 4.21
of the PFC Disclosure Schedule sets forth (i) all of the Loans of PFC that as
of September 30, 2004, were classified by any bank examiner (whether
regulatory or internal) as "Other Loans Specially Mentioned," "Special
Mention," "Substandard," "Doubtful," "Loss," "Classified," "Criticized,"
"Credit Risk Assets," "Concerned Loans," "Watch List" or words of similar
import, together with the principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest
on each such Loan and the identity of the borrower thereunder, and (ii) each
asset of PFC that as of September 30, 2004, was classified as "Other Real
Estate Owned" and the book value thereof.  (b) Each Loan in original
principal amount in excess of $100,000 (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements
or other evidences of indebtedness which are true, genuine and what they
purport to be, (ii) to the extent secured, has been secured by valid liens
and security interests which have been perfected and (iii) is the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting
creditors\' rights and to general equity principles.   4.22 Property. Except
as set forth in Section 4.22 of the PFC Disclosure Schedule, PFC has good and
marketable title free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, mortgages,
pledges, charges, defaults or equitable interests to all of the properties
and assets, real and personal, tangible or intangible, which are reflected on
the consolidated balance sheet of PFC as of December 31, 2003 or acquired
after such date, except (i) liens for taxes not yet due and payable or
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) pledges to secure
deposits and other liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iii)
such imperfections of title, easements and encumbrances, if any, as do
not interfere with the use of the respective property as such property is
used on the date hereof, (iv) for dispositions of or encumbrances on such
properties or assets in the ordinary course of business or (v) mechanics\',
materialmen\'s, workmen\'s, repairmen\'s, warehousemen\'s, carrier\'s and
other similar liens and encumbrances arising in the ordinary course of
business. All leases pursuant to which PFC, as lessee, leases real or
personal property are valid and enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms and PFC is not, nor, to the knowledge of PFC, is any other
party thereto, in default thereunder.   4.23 Reorganization. As of the date
hereof, PFC has no reason to believe that the Merger will fail to qualify as
a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.   4.24 State Takeover
Laws and Charter Provisions. PFC has taken all necessary action to exempt the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any restrictive provision of
(i) any applicable moratorium, control share, fair price, business
combination, or other anti-takeover laws and regulations, or (ii) the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of PFC.    ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF TSFG   Subject to Article III, TSFG hereby represents and
warrants to PFC as follows:   5.1 Corporate Organization. (a) TSFG is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of South Carolina. TSFG has the corporate power and
authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified
to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets
owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary. TSFG
is duly registered as a bank holding company under the BHC Act. The Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws of TSFG, copies of which have previously been
made available to PFC, are true and correct copies of such documents as in
effect as of the date hereof.  (b) Each Subsidiary of TSFG is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization. Each Subsidiary of TSFG has the corporate
power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or
qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and
assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary.
The deposit accounts of each Subsidiary of TSFG that is a bank are insured by
the FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund or the Savings Association Insurance
Fund to the fullest extent permitted by law, and all premiums and assessments
required in connection therewith have been paid when due.  (c) The minute
books of TSFG contain true and correct records of all meetings and other
corporate actions held or taken since December 31, 2001 of its stockholders
and Board of Directors (including committees of its Board of Directors).  
5.2 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of TSFG consists
of 200,000,000 shares of TSFG Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, no par value per share ("TSFG Preferred Stock"). As of the
date hereof, there were approximately 70,990,199 shares of TSFG Common Stock
and no shares of TSFG Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, and no shares
of TSFG Common Stock held in TSFG\'s treasury. All of the issued and
outstanding shares of TSFG Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with
no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof. The shares of TSFG
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger will be duly authorized and
validly issued and, at the Effective Time, all such shares will be fully
paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no personal liability
attaching to the ownership thereof.   5.3 Authority; No Violation. (a) TSFG
has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by the Board of
Directors of TSFG, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of TSFG are
necessary to approve this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by TSFG and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
PFC) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of TSFG,
enforceable against TSFG in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by general principles of equity whether applied in a court of
law or a court of equity and by bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws
affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally.  (b) Neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by TSFG, nor the consummation by
TSFG of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by TSFG with any
of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of TSFG, or the articles of incorporation
or bylaws or similar governing documents of any of its Subsidiaries or (ii)
assuming that the consents and approvals referred to in Section 5.4 are duly
obtained, (x) violate any statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation,
judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to TSFG or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, or (y) violate,
conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any
benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate
the performance required by, or result in the creation of any lien, pledge,
security interest, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the respective
properties or assets of TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed
of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of
their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected.   5.4
Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the filing of applications and/or
notices, as applicable, with the Federal Reserve Board under the BHC Act, and
approval of such applications and notices, (b) the filing with the SEC
and declaration of effectiveness of the S-4, (c) the filing of the Articles
of Merger with the Florida Secretary of State and the South Carolina
Secretary of State, (d) the State Banking Approvals, including a merger
application pursuant to Chapter 655 of the Florida Code of Laws, (f) such
filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the
securities or "Blue Sky" laws of various states in connection with the
issuance of the shares of TSFG Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and
(g) approval of the listing of the TSFG Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger on the NASDAQ/NMS, no consents or approvals of or filings or
registrations with any Governmental Entity or with any third party are
required to be made by TSFG in connection with (1) the execution and delivery
by TSFG of this Agreement and (2) the consummation by TSFG of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby.   5.5 SEC Reports. TSFG has
previously made available to PFC a true and correct copy of each (a) final
registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy
statement filed since December 31, 2001 by TSFG with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the "TSFG Reports") and (b) communication
mailed by TSFG to its shareholders since December 31, 2001, and no such TSFG
Report (when filed and at their respective effective time, if applicable) or
communication (when mailed) contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that
information as of a later date shall be deemed to modify information as of an
earlier date. TSFG has timely filed all TSFG Reports and other documents
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
since December 31, 2001, and each such TSFG Report and other
documents complied in all material respects with the rules and regulations
applicable thereto when filed.   5.6 Regulatory Reports. TSFG has timely
filed all reports, registrations and statements, together with any amendments
required to be made with respect thereto, that it was required to file since
December 31, 2001 with the Regulatory Agencies and has paid all fees and
assessments due and payable in connection therewith. Except for normal
examinations conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the regular course of the
business of TSFG, no Regulatory Agency has initiated any proceeding or, to
the knowledge of TSFG, investigation into the business or operations of TSFG
since December 31, 2001. There is no unresolved violation or exception by any
Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examinations of TSFG.   5.7 Financial Statements. TSFG has previously made
available to PFC (1) copies of the consolidated balance sheets of TSFG and
its Subsidiaries as of December 31 for the fiscal years 2002 and 2003 and the
related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders\' equity
and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the fiscal years 2001 through
2003, inclusive, as reported in TSFG\'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed with the SEC under the Exchange
Act, accompanied by the audit report of KPMG LLP, independent public
accountants with respect to TSFG, and (2) copies of unaudited consolidated
balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
stockholders\' equity and cash flows of TSFG at and for the quarters ended
March 31, 2003 and June 30, 2003 as reported in TSFG\'s Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for such quarters filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act,
and will make available on or before November 9, 2004 copies of unaudited
balance sheets and the related statements of earnings, stockholders\' equity
and cash flows of TSFG at and for the three months ended and September 30,
2004 (collectively, the "TSFG Financial Statements"). Subject, in the case of
the unaudited statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and
amount, the TSFG Financial Statements fairly present the financial position
of TSFG as of the dates indicated therein, and when included in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will fairly present the results of the operations and
financial position of TSFG for the respective fiscal periods or as of the
respective dates therein set forth. Subject, in the case of the unaudited
statements, to audit adjustments reasonable in nature and amount, each of the
TSFG Financial Statements (including the related notes, where applicable)
complies, and TSFG\'s Financial Statements to be included in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus after the date hereof will comply, with applicable
accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the
SEC with respect thereto; and each of such statements (including the related
notes, where applicable) has been, and TSFG\'s Financial Statements to be
included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be, prepared in accordance
with GAAP, except as indicated in the notes thereto or, in the case of
unaudited statements, as permitted by the SEC. The books and records of TSFG
have been, and are being, maintained in accordance with GAAP and any other
applicable legal and accounting requirements.   5.8 Broker\'s Fees. TSFG has
not employed any broker or finder or incurred any liability for any broker\'s
fees, commissions or finder\'s fees in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except that TSFG has engaged
Goldman Sachs in accordance with the terms of a letter agreement between
Goldman Sachs and TSFG, a true and correct copy of which has been previously
made available by TSFG to PFC.   5.9 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Except as disclosed in any TSFG Report filed with the SEC prior to the date
hereof, since December 31, 2003, there has been no change or development or
combination of changes or developments which, individually or in the
aggregate, has had a Material Adverse Effect on TSFG.   5.10 Legal
Proceedings. (a) Except as disclosed in any TSFG Report, neither TSFG nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party to any and there are no pending or, to TSFG\'s
knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings,
claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature
against TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries or challenging the validity
or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (b) There
is no injunction, order, judgment or decree imposed upon TSFG, any of its
Subsidiaries or the assets of TSFG or any of its Subsidiaries.   5.11 TSFG
Information. The information relating to TSFG and its Subsidiaries to be
contained in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the S-4, or in any other
document filed with any other regulatory agency in connection herewith, will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement/Prospectus (except for such portions thereof that relate to
PFC) will comply with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. The S-4 will comply with the provisions of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.   5.12 Compliance
with Applicable Law. TSFG and each of its Subsidiaries holds, and at all
times during the past three years has held, all licenses, franchises, permits
and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective
businesses and have complied with and are not in default in any respect under
any, applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or
guideline of any Governmental Entity relating to TSFG or any of
its Subsidiaries and neither TSFG nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
notice of any violations of any of the above.   5.13 Ownership of PFC
Common Stock. Neither TSFG nor any of its affiliates or associates (as such
terms are defined under the Exchange Act) (i) beneficially owns, directly or
indirectly, or (ii) is a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of
capital stock of PFC (other than Trust Account Shares).   5.14 Approvals.
As of the date hereof, TSFG knows of no fact or condition relating to TSFG
that would prevent all regulatory approvals required for the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the
Merger) from being obtained.   5.15 Reorganization. As of the date hereof,
TSFG has no reason to believe that the Merger will fail to qualify as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.   5.16 Agreements with
Regulatory Agencies. Except as may be set forth in Section 5.16 of the TSFG
Disclosure Schedule, neither TSFG nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to
any cease-and-desist or other order issued by, or is a party to any written
agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a
party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to
any order or directive by, or is a recipient of any extraordinary supervisory
letter from, or has adopted any board resolutions at the request of (each,
whether or not set forth on Section 5.16 of the TSFG Disclosure Schedule, a
"Regulatory Agreement"), nor any Regulatory Agency that restricts the conduct
of its business or that in any manner relates to its capital adequacy, its
credit policies, its management or its business, nor has TSFG or any of its
subsidiaries been advised by any Regulatory Agency that it is considering
issuing or requesting any Regulatory Agreement.    ARTICLE VI  COVENANTS
RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS   6.1 Covenants of PFC. During the period
from the date hereof and continuing until the Effective Time, except as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement or with the prior
written consent of TSFG, PFC shall carry on its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and except as set forth in Section 6.1 of the PFC Disclosure
Schedule or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or consented to in
writing by TSFG, PFC shall not:  (a) except for regular quarterly dividends
of $0.09 consistent with past practice (provided that the declaration of the
last quarterly dividend by PFC prior to the Effective Time and the payment
thereof shall be coordinated with TSFG so that holders of PFC Common Stock do
not receive dividends on both PFC Common Stock and TSFG Common Stock received
in the Merger in respect of such quarter or fail to receive a dividend on at
least one of the PFC Common Stock or TSFG Common Stock received in the Merger
in respect of such quarter), declare or pay any dividends on, or make other
distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock;  (b) (i) repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire (except for the acquisition of Trust Account
Shares and DPC Shares) any shares of the capital stock of PFC, or any
securities convertible into or exercisable for any shares of the
capital stock of PFC, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its
capital stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other
securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock, or (iii) except pursuant to Rights referenced on the PFC
Disclosure Schedule, issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or propose the
issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of its capital stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or
options to acquire, any such shares, or enter into any agreement with respect
to any of the foregoing (including additional Rights similar to those set
forth on the PFC Disclosure Schedule;  (c) amend its Articles of
Incorporation, Bylaws or other similar governing documents;  (d) make any
capital expenditures other than those which (i) are made in the ordinary
course of business or are necessary to maintain existing assets in good
repair or (ii) are in an amount of no more than $100,000;  (e) enter into any
new line of business;  (f) acquire or agree to acquire, by merging or
consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a
substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof or otherwise acquire any assets, other than in connection
with foreclosures, settlements in lieu of foreclosure or troubled loan or
debt restructurings or in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices;  (g) take any action that is intended or may reasonably be
expected to result in any of its representations and warranties set forth in
this Agreement being or becoming untrue, or in any of the conditions to the
Merger set forth in Article VIII not being satisfied;  (h) change its
methods of accounting in effect at December 31, 2003, except as required by
changes in GAAP or regulatory accounting principles as concurred to by PFC\'s
independent auditors;  (i) (i) except as required by applicable law, as set
forth in Section 7.8, or as required to maintain qualification pursuant to
the Code, adopt, amend, or terminate any employee benefit plan (including,
without limitation, any Plan) or any agreement, plan or policy between PFC or
one or more of its current or former directors, officers or employees or any
"affiliate" of any such person (as such term is used in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act), or (ii) except for normal increases in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or except as required by applicable
law, increase in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of any
director, officer or employee or pay any benefit not required by any Plan or
agreement as in effect as of the date hereof (including, without limitation,
the granting of any stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units or performance units or shares);  (j) other
than activities in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, sell, lease, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or agree to
sell, lease, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, any of its material
assets, properties or other rights or agreements;  (k) other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other
individual, corporation or other entity;  (l) file any application to
relocate or terminate the operations of any of its banking offices;  (m)
create, renew, amend or terminate or give notice of a proposed
renewal, amendment or termination of, any contract, agreement or lease for
goods, services or office space, involving payments thereunder by PFC in
excess of $100,000 per year, to which PFC is a party or by which PFC or its
properties is bound, other than the renewal in the ordinary course of
business of any lease the term of which expires prior to the Closing Date; 
(n) take or cause to be taken any action which would or could reasonably
be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code; or  (o) agree to do any of the foregoing.  
6.2 Covenants of TSFG. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or
consented to in writing by PFC, TSFG shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to:  (a) except for regular quarterly dividends
consistent with past practice, declare or pay any dividends on or make any
other distributions in respect of any of its capital stock;  (b) take any
action that is intended or may reasonably be expected to result in any of its
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement being or becoming
untrue, or in any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VIII
not being satisfied;  (c) take any action or enter into any agreement that
could reasonably be expected to jeopardize or materially delay the receipt of
any Requisite Regulatory Approval (as defined in Section 8.1(c));  (f) take
or cause to be taken any action which would or could reasonably be expected
to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Code; or  (g) agree to do any of the foregoing.   
ARTICLE VII  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS   7.1 Regulatory Matters. TSFG, with the
cooperation of PFC, shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC the S-4.
Each of PFC and TSFG shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the S-4
declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after
such filing, and PFC shall thereafter mail the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to
its stockholders. TSFG shall also use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits and approvals
required to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (b)
The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other and use their reasonable
best efforts to promptly prepare and file all necessary documentation, to
effect all applications, notices, petitions and filings, and to obtain as
promptly as practicable all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations
of all third parties and Governmental Entities which are necessary or
advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(including without limitation the Merger). PFC and TSFG shall have the right
to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult
the other on, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the
exchange of information, all the information relating to PFC or TSFG, as the
case may be, and any of TSFG\'s Subsidiaries, which appears in any filing
made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any
Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto
shall act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. The parties hereto agree
that they will consult with each other with respect to the obtaining of all
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and
Governmental Entities necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each party will keep the other apprised of
the status of matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated
herein.  (c) TSFG and PFC shall, upon request, furnish each other with
all information concerning themselves, their Subsidiaries, directors,
officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably
necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the
S-4 or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on
behalf of TSFG, PFC or their Subsidiaries to any Governmental Entity in
connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.  (d) TSFG and PFC shall promptly furnish each other with copies of
written communications received by TSFG or PFC, as the case may be, or any of
their respective Affiliates or Associates (as such terms are defined in Rule
12b-2 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) from, or
delivered by any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect of
the transactions contemplated hereby.   7.2 Access to Information. (a) PFC
and TSFG will each keep the other advised of all material developments
relevant to their respective businesses, and to the consummation of the
Merger, and each shall provide to the other, upon request, reasonable details
of any such development. Upon reasonable notice, each party shall afford to
representatives of the other party reasonable access, during normal business
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all of their
respective properties, books, contracts, commitments and records, and during
such period, shall make available all information concerning their respective
businesses as may be reasonably requested (except that the parties shall take
into account in determining the reasonableness of due diligence requests and
the fact that TSFG is a public company which is substantially larger than PFC
and that TSFG is issuing shares to PFC shareholders as compared to selling
its business). The other provisions of this Section notwithstanding, neither
party nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or
to disclose information where such access or disclosure would violate
or prejudice the rights of its customers, jeopardize any attorney-client
privilege or contravene any law (including without limitation laws regarding
exchange of information), rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree,
fiduciary duty or binding agreement entered into prior to the date hereof. 
(b) All non-public information furnished to TSFG or PFC by the other
party hereto pursuant to Section 7.2(a) (other than (i) information already
in the receiving party\'s possession, or (ii) information that is or becomes
generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by
the receiving party or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or
advisors, or (iii) information that becomes available to the receiving party
on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the disclosing party or
its advisors, provided that such source is not known by the receiving party
after due inquiry to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other
obligation of secrecy to the disclosing party) shall be kept confidential,
and the parties shall maintain, and shall cause each of their respective
directors, officers, attorneys and advisors to maintain, the confidentiality
of all information obtained hereunder which is not otherwise publicly
disclosed by the other party, said undertakings with respect to
confidentiality to survive any termination of this Agreement. In the event of
the termination of this Agreement, each party shall return to the other party
upon request all confidential information previously furnished in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  (c) No investigation
by either of the parties or their respective representatives shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the other set forth
herein.   7.3 Certain Actions. (a) Except with respect to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, neither PFC nor any of its
directors, officers, agents, affiliates (as such term is used in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act) or representatives (collectively, "Representatives")
shall, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly
facilitate (including by way of furnishing information) any inquiries with
respect to or the making of any Acquisition Proposal.  (b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, PFC and its Board of Directors and
Representatives shall be permitted (i) to comply with Rule 14d-9 and Rule
14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act with regard to an
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) to engage in any discussions or negotiations with,
or provide any information to, any person in response to an unsolicited
written Acquisition Proposal by any such person, if and only to the extent
that (a) PFC\'s Board of Directors concludes in good faith and consistent
with its fiduciary duties to PFC\'s stockholders under applicable law that
such Acquisition Proposal would reasonably be expected to result in a
Superior Proposal, (b) prior to providing any information or data to any
person in connection with such Acquisition Proposal by any such person,
PFC\'s Board of Directors receives from such person an executed
confidentiality agreement, and (c) prior to providing any information or data
to any person or entering into discussions or negotiations with any person,
PFC\'s Board of Directors notifies TSFG promptly of any inquiries, proposals,
or offers respecting such Acquisition Proposal received by, any such
information requested from, or any such discussions or negotiations sought to
be initiated or continued with, any of its Representatives indicating, in
connection with such notice, the name of such person and the material
terms and conditions of any inquiries, proposals or offers respecting such
Acquisition Proposal.  (c) PFC agrees that it will, and will cause its
Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
activities, discussions, or negotiations existing as of the date hereof with
any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition
Proposal.   7.4 Stockholder Meeting. PFC shall take all steps necessary to
duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders to
be held as soon as is reasonably practicable after the date on which the S-4
becomes effective for the purpose of voting upon the approval of this
Agreement. PFC shall, through its Board of Directors, subject to the
fiduciary duties of such board (including those with respect to a Superior
Proposal), recommend to its stockholders approval of this Agreement and such
other matters as may be submitted to its stockholders in connection with this
Agreement.   7.5 Legal Conditions to Merger. Each of TSFG and PFC shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use their reasonable best efforts (a) to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to
comply promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed on such
party or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and, subject to the
conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof, to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and (b) to obtain (and to cooperate with the
other party to obtain) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or
any exemption by, any Governmental Entity and any other third party which is
required to be obtained by PFC or TSFG in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to comply with the
terms and conditions of such consent, authorization, order or approval.  
7.6 Affiliates. The parties shall cooperate to cause each director, executive
officer and other person who is an "affiliate" (for purposes of Rule 145
under the Securities Act) of PFC to deliver to TSFG, as soon as
practicable after the date hereof, a written agreement, in the form of
Exhibit A hereto.   7.7 Nasdaq Listing. TSFG shall use its best efforts to
cause the shares of TSFG Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be
approved for listing on the NASDAQ/NMS as of the Effective Time.   7.8
Employee Benefit Plans; Existing Agreements. (a) As of the Effective Time,
the employees of PFC shall be eligible to participate in employee
benefit plans and severance plans of TSFG or its Subsidiaries in which
similarly situated employees of TSFG or its Subsidiaries participate, to the
same extent that similarly situated employees of TSFG or its Subsidiaries
participate (it being understood that inclusion of PFC\'s employees in
TSFG\'s employee benefit plans may occur at different times with respect to
different plans).  (b) With respect to each TSFG pension and welfare benefit
plan for which length of service is taken into account for any purpose
(including TSFG\'s severance plan), service with PFC (or predecessor
employers to the extent PFC provides past service credit) shall be treated as
service with TSFG for purposes of determining eligibility to participate,
vesting, and entitlement to benefits, including for severance benefits and
vacation entitlement (but not for accrual of defined benefit pension
benefits); provided however, that such service shall not be recognized to the
extent that such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits. Such
service also shall apply for purposes of satisfying any waiting periods,
evidence of insurability requirements, or the application of any preexisting
condition limitations. Each TSFG welfare benefit plan shall waive pre-
existing condition limitations to the same extent waived under the applicable
PFC Plan. PFC\'s employees shall be given credit for amounts paid under a
corresponding benefit plan during the same period for purposes of applying
deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts
had been paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the TSFG welfare
benefit plan.  (c) As of the Effective Time, TSFG shall assume and honor and
shall cause the appropriate Subsidiaries of TSFG to assume and to honor in
accordance with their terms all written agreements listed in Section 4.13(a)
of the PFC Disclosure Schedule (the "Benefit Agreements"). TSFG acknowledges
and agrees that the Merger will constitute a merger, sale or a change in
control of PFC for all purposes under such agreements. The provisions of this
Section 7.8(c) are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each director, officer or employee that is a party to any
Benefit Agreement.  (d) Employees of PFC who are terminated by TSFG following
the Closing shall receive severance benefits under the current terms of
TSFG\'s severance plan.   7.9 Indemnification of PFC Directors and Officers.
TSFG or a TSFG Subsidiary shall provide and keep in force for a period of six
years after the Effective Time directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
providing coverage to directors and officers of PFC for acts or omissions
occurring prior to the Effective Time. Such insurance shall provide at least
the same coverage and amounts as contained in PFC\'s policy on the date
hereof; provided, that in no event shall the annual premium on such policy
exceed 200% of the annual premium payments on PFC\'s policy in effect as of
December 31, 2003 (the "Maximum Amount"). If the amount of the premiums
necessary to maintain or procure such insurance coverage exceeds the Maximum
Amount, TSFG shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the most
advantageous policies of directors\' and officers\' liability insurance
obtainable for a premium equal to the Maximum Amount and PFC shall cooperate
with TSFG in such efforts in all reasonable respects. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, TSFG further agrees to indemnify all individuals who are or have
been officers, directors or employees of PFC prior to the Effective Time from
any acts or omissions in such capacities prior to the Effective Time, to the
extent that such indemnification is provided pursuant to the Articles of
Incorporation or Bylaws of PFC on the date hereof and is permitted under the
FBCA and SCBCA.   7.10 Additional Agreements. In case at any time after the
Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and franchises
of any of the parties to the Merger, the proper officers and directors of
each party to this Agreement shall take all such necessary action as may be
reasonably requested by TSFG or PFC.   7.11 Appointment of Director.
Effective as of the Effective Time, TSFG shall cause the Board of Directors
of Mercantile Bank to be expanded by one member, and shall appoint R. Carl
Palmer, Jr. (the "PFC Director") to fill the vacancy created by such
increase.   7.12 Pointe Bank Board. For at least three years following
Closing, TSFG shall cause each individual who is currently serving as a
director of PFC (other than the PFC Director), if such persons are willing to
so serve, to be elected or appointed as Mercantile Bank Advisory Board
members. Service on the Mercantile Bank Advisory Board shall be deemed to be
service with TSFG for the purpose of any options held under any PFC Option
Plan and PFC\'s existing Director Deferred Compensation Plan.   7.13
Accounting Matters. PFC shall cooperate with TSFG concerning (i) accounting
and financial matters necessary or appropriate to facilitate the Merger
(taking into account TSFG\'s policies, practices and procedures), including,
without limitation, issues arising in connection with record keeping, loan
classification, valuation adjustments, levels of loan loss reserves and other
accounting practices, and (ii) PFC\'s lending, investment or asset/liability
management policies; provided, that any action taken pursuant to this Section
7.14 shall not be deemed to constitute or result in the breach of any
representation or warranty of PFC contained in this Agreement.   7.14
Employment Agreements.  (a) TSFG acknowledges and agrees that the Merger will
constitute Change in Control, as defined in the employment protection
agreements listed in Section 7.14(a) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule ("EP
Agreements") and pursuant to the EP Agreements, TSFG shall (1) pay, or cause
to be paid, immediately prior to the Effective Time or if necessary, as soon
as practicable following the Effective Time, a lump sum amount in accordance
with the EP Agreements listed in Section 7.14(a) of the PFC Disclosure
Schedule and (2) provide for continuation of benefits to the extent
applicable as set forth in the EP Agreements listed in Section 7.14(a) of the
PFC Disclosure Schedule. This Section 7.14(a) is intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each director, officer or employee
that is a party to any Employment Agreements.  (b) TSFG shall assume and
honor and shall cause the appropriate Subsidiaries of TFSG to assume and
honor in accordance with their terms all written agreements listed on Section
7.14(b) of the PFC Disclosure Schedule (the "TSFG Employment Agreement(s)").
This Section 7.14(b) is intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each director, officer or employee that is a party to any
TSFG Employment Agreement.   7.15 Tax Opinion. TSFG and PFC shall use their
respective reasonable best efforts to obtain the tax opinion contemplated by
Section 8.1(f).   7.16 Exemption from Section 16. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Board of Directors of TSFG, or an appropriate committee of non-
employee directors thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the
interpretive guidance of the SEC so that the acquisition by any officer or
director of PFC who may become a covered person of TSFG for purposes of
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
("Section 16") of TSFG Common Stock or options to acquire TSFG Common Stock
pursuant to this Agreement and the Merger shall be an exempt transaction for
purposes of Section 16.   7.17 Execution and Authorization of Bank Merger
Agreement. Prior to the Effective Time, (a) TSFG shall (i) cause the Board of
Directors of Mercantile Bank to approve a merger agreement providing for the
merger of Pointe Bank into Mercantile Bank (the "Bank Merger Agreement"),
(ii) cause Mercantile Bank to execute and deliver the Bank Merger Agreement,
and (iii) approve the Bank Merger Agreement as the sole stockholder of
Mercantile Bank, and (b) PFC shall (i) cause the Board of Directors of Pointe
Bank to approve the Bank Merger Agreement, (ii) cause Pointe Bank to execute
and deliver the Bank Merger Agreement, and (iii) approve the Bank Merger
Agreement as the sole stockholder of Pointe Bank.   ARTICLE VIII 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT   8.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation To Effect
the Merger. The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger
shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:  (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have
been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the holders of the
outstanding shares of PFC Common Stock under applicable law.  (b) Listing of
Shares. The shares of TSFG Common Stock which shall be issued to the
stockholders of PFC upon consummation of the Merger shall have been
authorized for listing on the NASDAQ/NMS.  (c) Other Approvals. All
regulatory approvals required to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby (including the Merger) shall have been obtained and shall remain in
full force and effect and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof
shall have expired (all such approvals and the expiration of all such waiting
periods being referred to herein as the "Requisite Regulatory Approvals"). 
(d) S-4. The S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the S-4 shall have been issued
and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened
by the SEC.  (e) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No order,
injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction
or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the
Merger (an "Injunction") shall be in effect. No statute, rule, regulation,
order, injunction or decree shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any Governmental Entity which prohibits, restricts or makes
illegal consummation of the Merger.  (f) Federal Tax Opinion. TSFG and PFC
shall have received a written opinion from Hogan and Hartson, LLP, counsel to
PFC ("PFC\'s counsel"), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to TSFG
and PFC, dated the Effective Time, substantially to the effect that on the
basis of facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion
which are consistent with the state of facts existing at the Effective Time,
the Merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion, PFC\'s Counsel may require and
rely upon representations and covenants, including those contained in
certificates of officers of TSFG, PFC and others, reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to such counsel. If Hogan and Hartson L.L.P. does not render
such opinion, this condition may be satisfied if other legal counsel selected
by PFC and reasonably acceptable to TSFG renders such opinion, relying on
such representations and covenants.   8.2 Conditions to Obligations of TSFG.
The obligation of TSFG to effect the Merger is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by TSFG at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:  (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) Subject to
Section 3.2, the representations and warranties of PFC set forth in this
Agreement (other than those set forth in Section 4.2) shall be true and
correct as of the date hereof and (except to the extent such representations
and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the PFC Approval Date as
though made on and as of the PFC Approval Date; and (ii) the representations
and warranties of PFC set forth in Section 4.2 of this Agreement shall be
true and correct in all material respects (without giving effect to Section
3.2 of this Agreement) as of the date hereof and (except to the extent such
representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the PFC
Approval Date as though made on and as of the PFC Approval Date. TSFG shall
have received a certificate signed on behalf of PFC by the Chief Executive
Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of PFC to the foregoing effect no
later than five business days after the PFC Approval Date.  (b) Performance
of Obligations of PFC. PFC shall have performed in all material respects all
obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
to the Closing Date, and TSFG shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of PFC by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer
of PFC to such effect.  (c) Conditions Met. TSFG shall have received a
certificate of an executive officer of PFC stating that to his knowledge,
each of the conditions set forth in this Article VIII applicable to PFC have
been met.   8.3 Conditions to Obligations of PFC. The obligation of PFC to
effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by PFC at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:  (a)
Representations and Warranties. (i) Subject to Section 3.2,
the representations and warranties of TSFG set forth in this Agreement (other
than those set forth in Section 5.2) shall be true and correct as of the date
hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as
of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
Closing Date; and (ii) the representations and warranties of TSFG set forth
in Section 5.2 of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material
respects (without giving effect to Section 3.2 of this Agreement) as of the
date hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties
speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as
of the Closing Date. PFC shall have received a certificate signed on behalf
of TSFG by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of TSFG
to the foregoing effect.  (b) Performance of Obligations of TSFG. TSFG shall
have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and PFC
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of TSFG by the Chief
Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of TSFG to such effect. 
(c) Conditions Met. PFC shall have received a certificate of an
executive officer of TSFG stating that to his knowledge, each of the
conditions set forth in this Article VIII applicable to TSFG have been
met.    ARTICLE IX  TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT   9.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval of the matters presented in connection with the
Merger by the stockholders of PFC:  (a) by mutual consent of PFC and TSFG in
a written instrument, if the Board of Directors of each so determines by a
vote of a majority of the members of its entire Board;  (b) by either TSFG
or PFC upon written notice to the other party (i) 30 days after the date on
which any request or application for a Requisite Regulatory Approval shall
have been denied or withdrawn at the request or recommendation of the
Governmental Entity which must grant such Requisite Regulatory Approval,
unless within the 30-day period following such denial or withdrawal a
petition for rehearing or an amended application has been filed with the
applicable Governmental Entity, provided, however, that no party shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(b)(i)
if such denial or request or recommendation for withdrawal shall be due to
the failure of the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or
observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein or (ii)
if any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a
final nonappealable order enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger; 
(c) by either TSFG or PFC if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or
before the later of (i) June 30, 2005, or (ii) if the S-4 is given a
full review by the SEC, July 31, 2005, unless the failure of the Closing to
occur by such date shall be due to the failure of the party seeking to
terminate this Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements
of such party set forth herein;  (d) by either TSFG or PFC if the approval
of the stockholders of PFC required for the consummation of the Merger shall
not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote
at a duly held meeting of such stockholders or at any adjournment or
postponement thereof;  (e) by either TSFG or PFC (provided that the
terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein) if there shall have
been a material breach of any of the representations or warranties set forth
in this Agreement on the part of the other party, which breach is not cured
within 30 days following written notice to the party committing such breach,
or which breach, by its nature, cannot be cured prior to the Closing;
provided, however, that neither party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(e) unless the breach of representation
or warranty, together with all other such breaches, would entitle the party
receiving such representation not to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby under Section 8.2(a) (in the case of a breach of representation or
warranty by PFC) or Section 8.3(a) (in the case of a breach of representation
or warranty by TSFG);  (f) by either TSFG or PFC (provided that the
terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein) if there shall have
been a material breach of any of the covenants or agreements set forth in
this Agreement on the part of the other party, which breach shall not have
been cured within 30 days following receipt by the breaching party of written
notice of such breach from the other party hereto, or which breach, by its
nature, cannot be cured prior to the Closing; or  (g) by PFC, in the event
that the Board of Directors of PFC determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that in light of a Superior Proposal it is
necessary to terminate this Agreement in order to comply with its fiduciary
duties to PFC and to PFC\'s shareholders under applicable law; provided,
however, that the Board of Directors of PFC may terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 9.1(g) solely in order to concurrently enter into a
letter of intent, agreement in principle or an acquisition agreement or other
similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition Agreement") related to a
Superior Proposal; provided further, however, that this Agreement may be
terminated pursuant to this Section 9.1(g) only after the fifth day following
TSFG\'s receipt of written notice advising TSFG that the Board of Directors
of PFC is prepared to accept a Superior Proposal, and only if, during such
five-day period, if TSFG so elects, PFC and its advisors shall have
negotiated in good faith with TSFG to make such adjustments in the terms and
conditions of this Agreement as would enable PFC to proceed with the
transactions contemplated herein on such adjusted terms.   9.2 Effect of
Termination.  (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by either
TSFG or PFC as provided in Section 9.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and have no effect except (i) Sections 7.2(b), 9.2 and 10.3 shall
survive any termination of this Agreement and (ii) that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no party shall be
relieved or released from any liabilities or damages arising out of its
willful breach of any provision of this Agreement.  (b) If PFC terminates
this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1(g), PFC shall pay to TSFG a
termination fee equal to $3.5 million (the "Termination Fee Amount") by wire
transfer of same day funds on the date of termination.  (c) In the event that
an Acquisition Proposal with respect to PFC shall have been made known to PFC
and shall have been publicly announced or otherwise become public, or shall
have been made to the shareholders of PFC, and thereafter (x) this Agreement
is terminated by either TSFG or PFC pursuant to either (i) Section 9.1(c)
hereof and prior to such termination the stockholders of PFC shall not have
previously approved the Merger, or (ii) Section 9.1(d) hereof as a result of
the failure of the stockholders of PFC to approve the Merger, and (y) within
twelve months of such termination (A) PFC enters into any Acquisition
Agreement providing for any transaction described in clause (i)(a) or clause
(i)(b) of the definition of "Superior Proposal.," other than any
such transaction involving a merger, consolidation or similar transaction as
to which the common stockholders of PFC immediately prior thereto own in the
aggregate more than 50% of the common stock of the surviving or transferee
corporation or its publicly-held parent corporation immediately following
consummation thereof, or (B) any person shall acquire beneficial ownership of
or the right to acquire 25% or more of the outstanding shares of PFC Common
Stock, then upon the first occurrence of either of the events contemplated by
clause (y) PFC shall pay TSFG a termination fee equal to the Termination Fee
Amount by wire transfer of same day funds.  (d) PFC agrees that the
agreements contained in Section 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) are integral parts of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and constitute liquidated damages
and not a penalty.   9.3 Amendment. Subject to compliance with applicable
law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or
after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of either PFC or TSFG; provided, however, that after any
approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by PFC\'s
stockholders, there may not be, without further approval of such
stockholders, any amendment of this Agreement which reduces the amount or
changes the form of the consideration to be delivered to PFC stockholders
hereunder other than as contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement may
not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of
the parties hereto.   9.4 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, each of the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by
its Board of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
party hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of the other party contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions of the other party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of
a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such
extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict compliance with an
obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver
of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure.   
ARTICLE X  GENERAL PROVISIONS   10.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will
take place at 10:00 a.m. on the Effective Date.   10.2 Nonsurvival of
Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time, except
for those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein which by
their terms apply in whole or in part after the Effective Time provided that
no such representations, warranties or covenants shall be deemed to
be terminated or extinguished so as to deprive TSFG or PFC (or any
director, officer or controlling person thereof) of any defense at law or in
equity which otherwise would be available against the claims of any third
party, including, without limitation, any shareholder or former shareholder
of either TSFG or PFC.   10.3 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.   10.4 Notices. All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally, telecopied, mailed by registered or
certified mail (return receipt requested) or delivered by an express courier
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a
party as shall be specified by like notice):   (a) if to TSFG, to:   The
South Financial Group, Inc.  104 S. Main St.  Greenville, SC 29601 
Attention: William P. Crawford, Jr.  Executive Vice President   and   (b)
if to PFC, to:   Pointe Financial Corporation  2185 Powerline Road  Boca
Raton, Florida 33433  Attention: R. Carl Palmer, Jr.  Chief Executive
Officer   with a copy to:   Hogan and Hartson, LLP  1111 Brickell Avenue 
Miami, Florida 33131  Attention: Parker D. Thomson, Esq.   10.5
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which
shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not
sign the same counterpart.   10.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement
(including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) constitutes
the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof.   10.7 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of South Carolina, without regard to
any applicable conflicts of law, except to the extent that various matters
under this Agreement must be necessarily governed by Florida corporate
law.   10.8 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability
without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions
of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any
provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision
shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.   10.9
Publicity. Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or otherwise
required by law or the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market so long as this
Agreement is in effect, neither TSFG nor PFC shall, or shall permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, issue or cause the publication of any press release
or other public announcement with respect to, or otherwise make any
public statement concerning, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
without the consent of the other party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.   10.10 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by
operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other
parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein or under Sections 7.8, 7.9, 7.12, 7.14 and 7.16, this Agreement
(including the documents and instruments referred to herein) is not intended
to confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights
or remedies hereunder.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TSFG and PFC have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized as of the date first above written.    THE SOUTH FINANCIAL
GROUP, INC.    By: /s/ William S. Hummers III 
------------------------------------  Name: William S. Hummers III  Title:
Executive Vice President      POINTE FINANCIAL CORPORATION    By: /s/
R. Carl Palmer, Jr.  ------------------------------------  Name: R. Carl
Palmer, Jr.  Title: Chief Executive Officer       EXHIBIT
A   _________________, 2005   The South Financial Group, Inc. 102 S.
Main Street Greenville, South Carolina 29601  Gentlemen:   I have been
advised that I might be considered to be an "affiliate" of Pointe Financial
Corporation, a Florida corporation (the "Company"), for purposes of
paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Act").   The South Financial Group, Inc., a South Carolina corporation
("TSFG") and the Company have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of October 27, 2004 (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which,
among other things, the Company will merge with and into TSFG (the
"Transaction"). Upon consummation of the Transaction, I will receive shares
of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, of TSFG ("TSFG Common Stock").
This agreement is hereinafter referred to as the "Letter Agreement."   A. I
represent and warrant to, and agree with, TSFG as follows:   1. I have read
this Letter Agreement and the Merger Agreement and have discussed their
requirements and other applicable limitations upon my ability to sell,
pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of TSFG Common Stock, to the
extent I felt necessary, with my counsel or counsel for the Company.   2. I
shall not make any offer, sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition in
violation of the Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder of
the shares of TSFG Common Stock I receive pursuant to the Transaction.   B.
I understand and agree that:   1. I have been advised that any issuance of
shares of TSFG Common Stock to me pursuant to the Transaction will be
registered with the SEC. I have also been advised, however, that, because I
maybe an "affiliate" of the Company at the time the Transaction will be
submitted for a vote of the stockholders of the Company and my disposition of
such shares has not been registered under the Act, I must hold such shares
indefinitely unless (i) such disposition of such shares is subject to an
effective registration statement and to the availability of a prospectus
under the Act, (ii) a sale of such shares is made in conformity with the
provisions of Rule 145(d) under the Act or (iii) in an opinion of counsel, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to TSFG, some other exemption
from registration is available with respect to any such proposed disposition
of such shares.   2. Stop transfer instructions will be given to the
transfer agent of TSFG with respect to the shares of TSFG Common Stock I
receive pursuant to the Transaction in connection with the restrictions set
forth herein, and there will be placed on the certificate representing shares
of TSFG Common Stock I receive pursuant to the Transaction, or any
certificates delivered in substitution therefor, a legend stating in
substance:   "The shares represented by this certificate were issued in
a transaction to which Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Act"), applies and may only be sold or otherwise transferred in
compliance with the requirements of Rule 145 or pursuant to a registration
statement under the Act or an exemption from such registration."   3.
Unless a transfer of my shares of TSFG Common Stock is a sale made in
conformity with the provisions of Rule 145(d), or made pursuant to
an effective registration statement under the Act, TSFG reserves the right to
put an appropriate legend on the certificates issued to my transferee.   4.
I recognize and agree that the foregoing provisions also apply to (i) my
spouse, (ii) any relative of mine or my spouse occupying my home, (iii) any
trust or estate in which I, my spouse or any such relative owns at least
10% beneficial interest or of which any of us serves as trustee, executor or
in any similar capacity and (iv) any corporation or other organization in
which I, my spouse or any such relative owns at least 10% of any class of
equity securities or of the equity interest.   5. I agree that at the time
that I make an offer to or otherwise sell, pledge transfer or dispose of any
TSFG Common Stock that I own after the Transaction, I will notify my broker,
dealer or nominee in whose name my shares are held or registered that such
TSFG Common Stock is subject to this Letter Agreement.   6. Execution of
this Letter Agreement should not be construed as an admission on my part that
I am an "affiliate" of the Company as described in the first paragraph of
this letter or as a waiver of any rights I may have to object to any claim
that I am such an affiliate on or after the date of this letter.   It is
understood and agreed that this Letter Agreement shall terminate and be of no
further force and effect if the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms. It is also understood and agreed that this Letter Agreement
shall terminate and be of no further force and effect and the stop transfer
instructions set forth in Paragraph B.2. above shall be lifted and the legend
set forth in Paragraph B.2 above shall be removed forthwith from
the certificate or certificates representing my shares of TSFG Common Stock
upon the delivery by the undersigned to TSFG of a copy of a letter from the
staff of the SEC, an opinion of counsel in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to TSFG, or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to TSFG, to
the effect that a transfer of my shares of TSFG Common Stock will not violate
the Act or any of the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.    This
Letter Agreement shall be binding on my heirs, legal representative and
successors.   Very truly yours,    -------------------------------- 
Name:  Accepted this_____ day of____________ , 2005  The South Financial
Group, Inc.  By: _____________________________ Name: William S. Hummers
III Title: Executive Vice President      '

