NT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED
8-11-2000      EXHIBIT 2.1   Execution Copy     AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER   DATED AS OF AUGUST 11, 2000,   among   PREMIER CONSTRUCTION
PRODUCTS STATUTORY TRUST,   PREMIER CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS ACQUISITION
CORP.   and   REPUBLIC GROUP INCORPORATED       AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August 11, 2000,
is among PREMIER CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS STATUTORY TRUST, a statutory trust
("the Trust"), PREMIER CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust ("Acquisition Sub"),
and REPUBLIC GROUP INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation (the "Company").  
RECITALS:   WHEREAS, the trustees of the Trust and the Boards of Directors
of Acquisition Sub and the Company have approved the merger (the "Merger")
of Acquisition Sub with and into the Company upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein, whereby each issued and outstanding share of
common stock, par value $1.00 per share (other than shares owned by the
Company and other than Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.1(d)) and
the associated Right (as defined herein) ("Company Common Stock"; shares of
Company Common Stock being hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Shares") will be converted into the right to receive in cash $19.00 per
Share, without interest; and   WHEREAS, the trustees of the Trust and the
respective Boards of Directors of Acquisition Sub and the Company have each
approved and adopted this Agreement and the Merger upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein; and   WHEREAS, the Trust and
Acquisition Sub have agreed to cause the Letter of Credit (as defined below)
to be issued on the date hereof as set forth in Section 7.2(b) and have
delivered same to the Company; and   WHEREAS, the Company\'s Board of
Directors has unanimously determined that the consideration to be paid for
each Share in the Merger is fair to the holders of such Shares and recommends
that the holders of such Shares approve and adopt this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby; and   WHEREAS, as an
inducement to the willingness of each of the Trust and Acquisition Sub to
enter into this Agreement, each of the Company\'s executive officers and
directors (collectively, the "Officers and Directors") have entered into an
agreement with the Trust and Acquisition Sub (individually, a "Stockholder
Agreement" and collectively, the "Stockholders Agreements") pursuant to which
each such person (and any entity controlled by such person) has agreed, among
other things, (i) to vote their Shares for approval and adoption of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby at the Company Stockholder
Meeting (as defined below), (ii) to grant a proxy to certain designated
persons to so vote their Shares and (iii) to certain restrictions on the
transfer of their Shares; and   WHEREAS, the Trust, Acquisition Sub and the
Company desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe various
conditions to the Merger;    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, the parties agree as follows:   ARTICLE 1   THE
MERGER  Section 1.1 The Merger.  ----------   Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), at the Effective Time (as
defined in Section 1.3) Acquisition Sub shall be merged with and into the
Company and the separate corporate existence of Acquisition Sub shall cease.
The Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving
Corporation") and shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and
franchises, and be subject to all of the obligations,
liabilities, restrictions and disabilities, of the Company and Acquisition
Sub in accordance with the DGCL.  Section 1.2 Closing.  -------  
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger
(the "Closing") will take place at 10:00 a.m. on a date to be specified by
the parties (the "Closing Date"), which shall be no later than the second
business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article 6, at the offices of Andrews and Kurth L.L.P., 4200 Chase Tower,
Houston, Texas 77002, unless another time, date or place is agreed to in
writing by the parties hereto.  Section 1.3 Effective Time. 
--------------   Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the Closing
Date, the Company and Acquisition Sub shall file a certificate of merger (the
"Certificate of Merger") executed in accordance with the relevant provisions
of the DGCL and shall make all other filings or recordings required under the
DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of
Merger is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, or at such
subsequent time as the Trust and the Company shall agree and as is specified
in the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being
hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time").  Section 1.4 Effects of
the Merger.  ---------------------   The Merger shall have the effects
specified in Section 259 of the DGCL.  Section 1.5 Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws.  ----------------------------------------   (a)
The certificate of incorporation of Acquisition Sub, as in effect 
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the certificate  of
incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter  changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law,  except that (i) the name
of the Surviving Corporation shall  continue to be Republic Group
Incorporated and (ii) the terms of  Article TENTH    of the Company\'s
Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation  shall be included in the
certificate of incorporation of the  Surviving Corporation (and shall
supersede and replace in its  entirety any provision in the certificate of
incorporation of  Acquisition Sub with respect to indemnification of
directors or  officers or former directors or officers).   (b) The by-laws
of Acquisition Sub as in effect immediately prior to  the Effective Time
shall be the by-laws of the Surviving  Corporation until thereafter changed
or amended as provided  therein or by applicable law, except that at the
Effective Time  Article VI of the Company\'s by-laws shall replace the 
provision(s), if any, on indemnification included in the by-laws  of
Acquisition Sub.  Section 1.6 Directors.  ---------   From and after the
Effective Time, the directors of Acquisition Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors
are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. Each of the members of
the Board of Directors of the Company shall tender his resignation to be
effective immediately at the Effective Time.  Section 1.7 Officers. 
--------   From and after the Effective Time, the officers of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case
may be.   ARTICLE 2   EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE  CAPITAL STOCK OF THE
CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS  Section 2.1 Effect on Capital Stock. 
-----------------------   As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of Company
Common Stock:   (a) Capital Stock of Acquisition Sub. Each issued and
outstanding  --------------------------------  share of capital stock of
Acquisition Sub shall be converted into  and become one fully paid and non-
assessable share of Common  Stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same
rights, powers  and privileges as the share so converted and shall constitute
the  only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving 
Corporation.   (b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock. Each share of Company
Common  ------------------------------  Stock owned by the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company shall  automatically be canceled and retired and
shall cease to exist,  and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor.    (c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Except as otherwise
provided  ----------------------------------  herein, each share of Company
Common Stock outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
shares to be  cancelled in accordance with Section 2.1(b) and other than 
Dissenting Shares) shall be cancelled and automatically converted  into the
right to receive $19.00 in cash, without interest, from  the Trust or, in
accordance with Section 2.1(f), the Surviving  Corporation.   (d) Shares of
Dissenting Stockholders. Notwithstanding anything in 
---------------------------------  this Agreement to the contrary but only to
the extent required by  the DGCL, shares of Company Common Stock that are
issued and  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by
a  person (a "Dissenting Stockholder") who shall not have voted to  approve
and adopt this Agreement or consented thereto in writing  and who shall have
complied with all of the provisions of the  DGCL to dissent from the Merger
and to demand appraisal for such  shares in accordance with Section 262 of
the DGCL ("Dissenting  Shares") shall not be converted as described in
Section 2.1(c),  unless such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or
otherwise  loses his right to appraisal, but shall instead become the right 
to receive such consideration as may be determined to be due such  Dissenting
Stockholder pursuant to the DGCL. If, after the  Effective Time, such
Dissenting Stockholder fails to perfect or  withdraws or otherwise loses his
right to appraisal, then such  Dissenting Stockholder\'s shares of Company
Common Stock shall no  longer be considered Dissenting Shares for the
purposes of this  Agreement and shall thereupon be deemed to have been
converted  into and to have become exchangeable for, at the Effective Time, 
the right to receive for each such share the amount in cash,  without
interest, that a holder of a share (a "Nondissenting  Share") of Company
Common Stock who had not demanded appraisal  would have received with respect
to such Nondissenting Share. The  Company shall give Acquisition Sub (i)
prompt notice of any  demands for appraisal of shares of Company Common Stock
received  by the Company and (ii) the opportunity to participate in and 
direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such  demands.
The Company shall not, without the prior written consent  of Acquisition Sub,
make any payment with respect to, or settle,  offer to settle or otherwise
negotiate, any such demands, or  agree or commit to do any of the
foregoing.   (e) Cancellation of Company Common Stock. As of the Effective
Time,  ------------------------------------  all shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior  to the Effective Time shall no longer be
outstanding and shall  automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist,
and each  holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the Effective 
Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (a  "Certificate")
shall cease to have any rights with respect  thereto, except the right to
receive the amount per Share  specified in Section 2.1(c) upon surrender of
such Certificate in  accordance with Section 2.2, without interest, or, in
the case of  Dissenting Stockholders, if any, the rights, if any, accorded 
under Section 262 of the DGCL.   Section 2.2 Exchange of Certificates. 
------------------------   (a) Prior to the mailing of the Proxy Statement
(as defined in  Section 3.1(d)), the Trust shall enter into an agreement with
a  bank or trust company mutually acceptable to the Company and the  Trust,
to act as Paying Agent (the "Paying Agent") for the  payment of the amount
per share specified in Section 2.1(c).   (b) Stock Options. 
-------------   (i) At or immediately prior to the Effective Time, each
employee  or director stock option to purchase Company Common Shares 
outstanding under any stock option or compensation plan or  arrangement of
the Company shall be cancelled, and the  Company or the Surviving Corporation
shall pay each holder  of any such option at or promptly after the Effective
Time  for each such option an amount in cash determined by  multiplying (A)
the excess, if any, of $19.00 over the  applicable exercise price of such
option by (B) the number  of shares of Company Common Stock such holder could
have  purchased (assuming full vesting and exercisability of all  options)
had such holder exercised such option in full  immediately prior to the
Effective Time.   (ii) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall (A)
use its  best efforts to obtain any consents from holders of options  to
purchase Company Common Stock granted under the Company\'s  stock option or
compensation plans or arrangements and (B)  make any amendments to the terms
of such stock option or  compensation plans or arrangements that, in the case
of  either clauses (A) or (B), are necessary to give effect to  the
transactions contemplated by part (b)(i) of this  Section. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this  Section, payment may be withheld in respect of
any employee  stock option until such necessary consents are obtained. 
Except as provided in part (b)(i) of this Section 2.2, the  Company shall not
make any payment in respect of or in  connection with the cancellation of any
stock option.   (c) Deposit with the Paying Agent. Promptly after the
Effective Time,  -----------------------------  the Trust shall deposit with
the Paying Agent, for the benefit of  the holders of shares of Company Common
Stock, for payment  through the Paying Agent, cash in such amounts and at
times  necessary for the prompt payment of the per Share amount  specified
in Section 2.1(c) (such cash being hereinafter referred  to as the "Exchange
Fund") pursuant to Section 2.1 in exchange  for outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock upon surrender of  Certificates therefor.   (d) Exchange
Procedures. As soon as reasonably practical after the  ------------------- 
Effective Time, the Paying Agent shall mail to each holder of  record of a
Certificate or Certificates, (i) a letter of  transmittal (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected,  and risk of loss and title to such
Certificates shall pass, only  upon delivery of such Certificates to the
Paying Agent, and which  letter shall be in such    form and have such
other provisions as the Trust and the Company  may reasonably specify) and
(ii) instructions for use in  effecting the surrender of such Certificates in
exchange for the  amount per Share specified in Section 2.1(c). Upon
surrender of  such a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent or to 
such other agent or agents as may be appointed by the Trust,  together with
such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and such  other documents as may
reasonably be required by the Paying  Agent, the holder of such Certificate
shall be entitled to  receive in exchange therefor cash which such holder has
the right  to receive pursuant to this Article 2, and the Certificate so 
surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. Upon a transfer of  ownership of
Company Common Stock that is not registered in the  transfer records of the
Company, cash may be paid to a person  other than the person in whose name
the Certificate so  surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be
properly  endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the 
person requesting such cash to be paid shall (i) have paid any  transfer or
other Taxes (as defined in Section 3.1(m)) required  by reason of the payment
of cash to a person other than the  registered holder of such Certificate or
(ii) establish to the  satisfaction of the Trust that such Tax has been paid
or is not  applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 
2.2(d), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the  Effective
Time to represent only the right to receive upon such  surrender the amount
per Share specified in Section 2.1(c) which  the holder thereof has the right
to receive in respect of such  Certificate pursuant to the other provisions
of this Article 2.  No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash
payable to  holders of Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this 
Article 2. The Trust shall pay the charges and expenses of the  Paying Agent
and of such other agent or agents as it may appoint.   (e) No Further
Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All 
---------------------------------------------------  cash paid shall be
deemed to have been paid and issued in full  satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to the shares of Company  Common Stock theretofore represented by
such Certificates,  subject, however, to the Surviving Corporation\'s
obligation to  pay any dividends or make any other distributions with a
record  date prior to the Effective Time that may have been declared or 
made by the Company on such shares of Company Common Stock in  accordance
with the terms of this Agreement or prior to the date  of this Agreement and
which remain unpaid at the Effective Time,  and as of the Effective Time, the
stock transfer books of the  Company shall be closed, and there shall be no
further  registration of transfers of the shares of Company Common Stock. 
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the  Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent for any reason, then  they shall be canceled
and exchanged as provided in this Article  2, except as otherwise provided by
law.   (f) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund 
----------------------------  that remains undistributed to the holders of
the Certificates for  nine months after the Effective Time shall be delivered
to the  Surviving Corporation, upon demand, and any holders of the 
Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this Article  2 shall
thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for  payment of the cash
amount per Share due pursuant to this Article  2. Any amounts remaining   
unclaimed by holders of Company Common Stock three years after  the Effective
Time (or such earlier date immediately prior to  such time when the amounts
would otherwise escheat to or become  property of any governmental authority)
shall become, to the  extent permitted by applicable law, the property of the
Surviving  Corporation free and clear of any claims or interest of any 
person previously entitled thereto. Any cash amounts made  available to the
Paying Agent pursuant to Section 2.2(c) (or  otherwise constituting a part of
the Exchange Fund) to pay for  shares of Company Common Stock constituting
Dissenting Shares for  which appraisal rights have been perfected shall be
returned to  the Surviving Corporation upon demand.   (g) No Liability.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this  ------------  Agreement, none
of the Trust, the Company or the Paying Agent  shall be liable to any person
in respect of any amount paid to a  public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property,  escheat or similar law.   (h) Investment of
Exchange Fund. The Paying Agent shall invest any 
---------------------------  cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed
by the Trust, on  a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from
such  investments shall be paid to the Trust.   (i) Lost Certificates. If
any Certificate shall have been lost,  -----------------  stolen or
destroyed, then upon the making of an affidavit of that  fact by the person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen  or destroyed and, if required
by the Surviving Corporation, the  posting by such person of a bond in such
reasonable amount as the  Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity
against any claim  that may be made against the Surviving Corporation with
respect  to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will pay in exchange for 
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the amount per share  to be paid
pursuant to Section 2.1(c) in respect of the shares of  Company Common Stock
represented by such Certificate, as  contemplated by this Agreement.   (j)
Withholding Rights. Each of the Trust, the Surviving Corporation 
------------------  and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold  from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this 
Agreement to a holder of shares of Company Common Stock such  amounts as the
Trust, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying  Agent is required to deduct
and withhold with respect to such  consideration under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended  (the "Code"), or any provision of Federal, state,
local or  foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld and 
paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by the Trust, the  Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent, such withheld amounts  shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having  been paid to the holder of the
shares of Company Common Stock in  respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by the  Trust, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying
Agent, as the case  may be.    ARTICLE 3   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES  Section 3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. 
---------------------------------------------   Except as set forth with
respect to an identified representation and warranty on the Disclosure
Schedule delivered by the Company to the Trust at the execution of this
Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and
warrants to the Trust and Acquisition Sub as follows:   (a) Organization,
Standing and Corporate Power. The Company is a 
------------------------------------------  corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing  under the laws of the State of
Delaware and has the requisite  corporate power and authority to carry on its
business as now  being conducted. The Company is duly qualified or licensed
to do  business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which  the
nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its  properties makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, other  than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to be so qualified  or licensed or to be in good standing
individually or in the  aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a
material  adverse effect (as defined in Section 9.3) on the Company. The 
Company has heretofore made available to the Trust true and  correct copies
of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of  the Company, as currently
in effect.   (b) Subsidiaries. The Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
true  ------------  and complete list of each subsidiary of the Company and
its  respective jurisdiction of incorporation. Each such subsidiary is  a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good  standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction in which it is  incorporated and has the requisite
corporate power and authority  to carry on its business as now being
conducted. Each such  subsidiary is duly qualified or licensed to do business
and is in  good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its 
business or the ownership or leasing of its properties makes such 
qualification or licensing necessary, other than in such  jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified or licensed or  to be in good standing
individually or in the aggregate would not  reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the  Company. All the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each such  subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully
paid and non-  assessable and are owned directly or indirectly by the
Company,  free and clear of all pledges, claims, mortgages, liens, charges, 
encumbrances, adverse claims and security interests of any kind  or nature
whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"). Except for the  capital stock of its
subsidiaries, the Company does not own,  directly or indirectly, any capital
stock or other ownership  interest in any corporation, limited liability
company,  partnership, joint venture or other entity.   (c) Capital
Structure. The authorized capital stock of the Company  ----------------- 
consists of 35,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, par value  $1.00 per
share, and 487,410 shares of Preferred Stock, without  par value. At the
close of business on    August 9, 2000, (i) 11,846,837 shares of Company
Common Stock  were issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of Company Common 
Stock were held by the Company in its treasury, (iii) 1,811,307  shares of
Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance  pursuant to the Company\'s
1989 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as  amended effective August 16, 1996), the
Company\'s Non-Employee  Director Stock Option Plan, the Company\'s Employee
Stock Purchase  Plan and the Company\'s Dividend Reinvestment Plan
(collectively,  the "Company Stock Plans"), (iv) employee and director
stock  options to purchase an aggregate of 600,843 shares of Company  Common
Stock ("Outstanding Stock Options") were outstanding, (v)  rights (the
"Rights") to purchase shares of Company Common Stock  (and in certain
instances to receive fractional shares of  Preferred Stock of the Company in
lieu of shares of Company  Common Stock) issuable pursuant to the Amended and
Restated  Rights Agreement dated September 19, 1996 (as amended from time 
to time, the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and UMB  Bank, N.A., as
rights agent, were outstanding and (vi) 47,250  shares of Series C Junior
Participating Preferred Stock,  constituting a series of Preferred Stock,
have been designated  and authorized for issuance pursuant to the Rights
Agreement, but  no shares of Preferred Stock were outstanding. Except as
set  forth above, and for changes since the close of business on  August 9,
2000 resulting from the exercise or vesting of employee  and director stock
options outstanding on such date, (i) no  shares of capital stock or other
voting securities, of or  ownership interests in the Company were issued,
reserved for  issuance or outstanding, (ii) there were no securities of the 
Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital  stock or
voting securities and (iii) there were no outstanding  stock appreciation
rights, stock options or rights to receive  shares of Company Common Stock on
a deferred basis granted under  the Company Stock Plans or otherwise. All
outstanding shares of  capital stock of the Company are, and all shares
issuable upon  exercise of outstanding employee or director stock options
will  be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and  non-
assessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are no  notes, bonds,
debentures or other indebtedness of the Company  having the right to vote (or
convertible into, or exchangeable  for, securities having the right to vote)
on any matters on which  stockholders of the Company may vote. Except as set
forth above  and except for the Company\'s Dividend Reinstatement Plan and 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as to which purchases of Shares  shall have
been suspended pursuant to Section 4.1(d) hereof,  there are no outstanding
securities, options, warrants, calls,  rights, commitments, agreements,
arrangements or undertakings to  which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was a party or by  which any of them was bound obligating the Company or any
of its  subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, 
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other  voting
securities of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or  obligating the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue,  grant, extend or enter into any
such security, option, warrant,  call, right, commitment, agreement,
arrangement or undertaking.  There are no outstanding contractual obligations
of the Company  or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise  acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries. There are no outstanding    contractual obligations of the
Company to vote or to dispose of  any shares of the capital stock of any of
its subsidiaries.   (d) Authority; Noncontravention. The Company has all
requisite  ----------------------------  corporate power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and,  subject to the Company Stockholder Approval
(as defined in  Section 3.1(n)), to consummate the transactions contemplated
by  this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly  authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of the  Company, subject, in the case
of the approval and adoption of  this Agreement, to the Company Stockholder
Approval. This  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and  constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the  Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its  terms. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement  and the Stockholders Agreements
do not, and the consummation of  the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and compliance  with the provisions of this Agreement and the
Stockholders  Agreements will not, conflict with, or result in any
violation  of, breach of or default (with or without notice or lapse of 
time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,  cancellation
or acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a  material benefit under, or
result in the creation or imposition  of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company  or any of its subsidiaries under, (i) the
certificate of  incorporation or by-laws of the Company or the comparable 
organizational documents of any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any  loan or credit
agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease  or other agreement,
instrument, permit, concession, franchise or  license applicable to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or  their respective properties or assets
or (iii) subject to the  governmental filings and other matters referred to
in the  following sentence, any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, 
ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of  its
subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other  than, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts,  violations, defaults,
rights, losses or Liens that individually  or in the aggregate would not have
a material adverse effect on  the Company. No consent, approval, order or
authorization of, or  registration, declaration or filing with, any Federal,
state or  local government or any court, administrative or regulatory 
agency or commission or other governmental authority or agency,  domestic or
foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), is required by or  with respect to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in  connection with the execution,
delivery and performance of the  Stockholders Agreements by the Officers and
Directors or of this  Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the
Company of  the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for (1) 
the filing of a premerger notification and report form by the  Company under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of  1976, as amended (the
"HSR Act"); (2) the filing with the  Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") of (A) a proxy  statement relating to the Company Stockholders Meeting
(such  proxy statement (as provided for in Section 5.1(a)), as amended  or
supplemented from time to time, being the "Proxy    Statement"), and (B)
such reports under Section 13(a), 13(d) or  15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  "Exchange Act"), as may be required in
connection with the  Stockholders Agreements and this Agreement and the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement; (3) the filing of the
Certificate  of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate 
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which  the Company
is qualified to do business; (4) such filings as are  listed on Schedule
3.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; and  (5) such consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations,  registrations, declarations and filings the failure
to make or  obtain which would not reasonably be expected to have a
material  adverse effect on the Company.   (e) SEC Documents. The Company
has filed all required reports,  -------------  schedules, forms, statements
and other documents with the SEC  since July 1, 1997 (the "SEC Documents").
As of their respective  dates, the SEC Documents complied or will comply in
all material  respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as  amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case  may
be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated  thereunder
applicable to such SEC Documents, and, as of their  respective dates, none of
the SEC Documents contained any untrue  statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the  statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which  they were made, not misleading. Except to the extent that 
information contained in any SEC Document has been revised or  superseded by
a later Filed SEC Document, none of the SEC  Documents contains, and no SEC
Documents filed after the date of  this Agreement and prior to the Effective
Time will contain, any  untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
any  material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order  to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances  under which they
were made, not misleading. The financial  statements of the Company included
in the SEC Documents  (including, in each case, any notes thereto) comply or
will  comply as to form in all material respects with applicable  accounting
requirements of the SEC with respect thereto, have  been prepared or will be
prepared in accordance with generally  accepted accounting principles as in
effect at the time of  application thereof ("GAAP") (except, in the case of
unaudited  statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC and other SEC 
rules and regulations) applied on a consistent basis during the  periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes  thereto) and fairly
present in all material respects, or will  fairly present in all material
respects, the consolidated  financial position of the Company and its
subsidiaries as of the  dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations  and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case 
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).   (f) Other
Financial Statements. The consolidated financial 
--------------------------  statements as of and for the year ended June 30,
2000 furnished  by the Company to the Trust and Acquisition Sub, which
consist of  a balance sheet as of such date (the "Company Balance Sheet")
and  a statement of operations and a statement of cash flows for the  year
then ended (including the notes thereto), and the report of  Arthur Andersen
LLP with respect thereto, was prepared in  accordance with GAAP    applied
on a consistent basis during the periods involved and  fairly presents in all
material respects the consolidated  financial position of the Company and its
subsidiaries as of the  dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations  and cash flows for the period then ended.   (g) No Undisclosed
Material Liabilities. At the date of this 
-----------------------------------  Agreement, there are no liabilities or
obligations of the Company  or any of its subsidiaries of any kind
whatsoever, whether  accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable
or  otherwise, other than (i) liabilities or obligations disclosed in  or
reserved against in the Company Balance Sheet, (ii)  liabilities and
obligations of a type not required to be  disclosed in or reserved against in
the Company Balance Sheet  that are (A) referred to in the Company\'s Annual
Report on Form  10-K for the year ended June 30, 1999 or any SEC Documents
filed  thereafter (including obligations under agreements, plans and  other
documents filed therewith or incorporated by reference  therein) or (B)
contained in the Disclosure Schedule, and (iii)  liabilities or obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice
that would not reasonably  be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material  adverse effect on the Company.   (h) Information
Supplied. None of the information included or  -------------------- 
incorporated by reference in any documents filed or to be filed  with the
Commission or any other Governmental Entity in  connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, including  in the Proxy Statement will, the
respective times such documents  are filed or are first published, sent or
given to stockholders,  and also, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the
date such  document is first mailed to the Company\'s stockholders or at
the  time of the Company Stockholders Meeting or at the Effective  Time,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to  state any
material fact required to be stated therein or  necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of  the circumstances under which they are
made, not misleading, and  the Proxy Statement and any such information
statement will  comply at all relevant times in all material respects with
the  requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder, except that no representation or warranty is made by  the Company
with respect to statements made or incorporated by  reference therein based
on information supplied to the Company by  the Trust or Acquisition Sub in
writing specifically for  inclusion or incorporation by reference in the
Proxy Statement.   (i) Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as
disclosed in the  ------------------------------------  Company Disclosure
Schedule and the SEC Documents filed and  publicly available after the date
of the Company Balance Sheet,  since the date of the Company Balance Sheet,
the Company has  conducted its business only in the ordinary course,
consistent  with past practice and there has not been (i) any event, 
occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts that  has had or
is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect  on the Company,
except for any such event, occurrence,  development or state of facts or
circumstances attributable to  conditions affecting the paperboard or
wallboard industries or  the U.S. economy as a whole, (ii) any declaration,
setting aside  or payment of any dividend or other    distribution
(whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to  any of the Company\'s
capital stock, (iii) any granting by the  Company or any of its subsidiaries
to any director, officer or  other employee of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries of (x)  any options or rights to acquire equity securities of
the  Company, (y) any increase in compensation, bonuses or other  benefits,
except the vesting of benefits and for normal awards,  increases and other
payments in the ordinary course of business  consistent with past practice or
as was required under employment  agreements and Company Plans in effect as
of the date of the most  recent audited financial statements included in the
Filed SEC  Documents or (z) severance or termination pay or increase 
thereof, (iv) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by the  Company or any
of its subsidiaries of any indebtedness for  borrowed money other than in the
ordinary course of business and  in amounts and on terms consistent with past
practice (it being  agreed that the aggregate indebtedness for borrowed money
of the  Company and its subsidiaries at any time will be no more than  $215
million), (v) any creation or other incurrence by the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries of any Lien on any material  asset other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent  with past practice, (vi) any damage,
destruction or other  casualty loss (whether or not covered by insurance)
affecting the  business or the assets of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries  that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
material  adverse effect on the Company, (vii) any material labor dispute 
involving the employees of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries, (viii)
any transaction or commitment made, or any  contract or arrangement entered
into, by the Company or any of  its subsidiaries (including the acquisition
or disposition of any  assets) other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent  with past practice except for the disposition of certain assets 
of the Company as set forth on the Company Disclosure Schedule,  or (ix) any
amendment of any term of any outstanding security of  the Company or any of
its subsidiaries.   (j) Litigation. There is no suit, action, investigation
or  ----------  proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, 
threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its  subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties before any  court or arbitrator or before
any foreign or domestic  Governmental Entity that individually or in the
aggregate would  reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
the  Company, nor is there any judgment, order or decree of any 
Governmental Entity outstanding against the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries having, or which would reasonably be expected to  have, such a
material adverse effect on the Company.   (k) Absence of Changes in Benefit
Plans. Except as disclosed in the  ----------------------------------- 
Company Disclosure Schedule, since the date of the Company  Balance Sheet
there has not been any adoption or amendment in any  material respect (except
as required by applicable law), or any  agreement to adopt or amend in any
material respect, by the  Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
collective bargaining  agreement or employment contract or any bonus,
pension, profit  sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation,
stock  ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock,  retirement,
vacation, severance, disability, death benefit,    hospitalization, medical
or other plan, arrangement or  understanding (whether or not legally binding)
providing benefits  to any current or former director, officer or employee of
the  Company or any of its subsidiaries (the "Company Plans"). Without 
limiting the foregoing, except as disclosed in the Company  Disclosure
Schedule, since the date of the Company Balance Sheet,  there has not been
any change in any actuarial or other  assumption used to calculate funding
obligations with respect to  any Pension Plan (as defined in Section 3.1(l))
of the Company,  or in the manner in which contributions to any Pension Plan
of  the Company are made or the basis on which such contributions are 
determined. Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure  Schedule, there
exist no employment, consulting, severance,  termination or indemnification
agreements, arrangements or  understandings between the Company or any of its
subsidiaries and  any current or former director, officer or employee of
the  Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (l) ERISA Compliance. 
----------------   (i) The Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list of
each  "employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(2)  of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as  amended ("ERISA"))
(sometimes referred to herein as a  "Pension Plan"), each "employee welfare
benefit plan" (as  defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) (sometimes referred to 
herein as a "Welfare Plan"), each employment contract, stock  option, stock
purchase, deferred compensation plan or  arrangement and each other employee
fringe benefit plan or  arrangement maintained, contributed to or required to
be  maintained or contributed to by the Company, any of its  subsidiaries or
any other person or entity that, together  with the Company, is or was
treated as a single employer  under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code (each, a  "Commonly Controlled Entity") for the benefit of any current 
or former directors, officers, employees or independent  contractors of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  (collectively, "Company Benefit Plans").
The Company has  delivered or made available to the Trust true, complete
and  correct copies of (w) each Company Benefit Plan, (x) the two  most
recent annual reports on Form 5500 filed with the  Internal Revenue Service
with respect to each Company  Benefit Plan (if any such report was required),
(y) the most  recent summary plan description for each Company Benefit  Plan
for which such summary plan description is required,  and (z) each currently
effective trust agreement, insurance  or group annuity contract and each
other funding or  financing arrangement relating to any Company Benefit
Plan.   (ii) Except as disclosed on the Company Disclosure Schedule, (1) 
each Company Benefit Plan has been administered in  accordance with its terms
and the Company, its subsidiaries  and all the Company Benefit Plans are in
compliance with the  applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and all other 
applicable laws and the terms of all applicable collective  bargaining
agreements, except for any failure to so  administer or any non-
compliance    that has not and, if continued, would not, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the  Company, (2) there
are no pending or, to the Company\'s  knowledge, threatened, (A)
investigations by any  Governmental Entity, (B) termination proceedings or
other  claims (except routine claims for benefits payable under  the Company
Benefit Plans), (C) suits or (D) proceedings  against or involving any
Company Benefit Plan or asserting  any rights or claims to benefits under any
Company Benefit  Plan, and (3) all reports, returns and similar documents 
with respect to the Company Benefit Plans required to be  filed with any
governmental agency or distributed to any  Company Benefit Plan Participant
have been duly, timely,  and accurately filed or distributed.   (iii)
Except as described on Schedule 3.1(l) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule,
(1) all contributions to, and  payments from, the Company Benefit Plans that
may have  been required to be made in accordance with the terms of  the
Company Benefit Plans, any applicable collective  bargaining agreement and,
when applicable, Section 302 of  ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, have been
timely made,  except for any such untimely payment that has not and, if 
continued, would not, individually or in the aggregate,  have a material
adverse effect on the Company, (2) there  has been no application for waiver
or waiver of the  minimum funding standards imposed by Section 412 of the 
Code with respect to any Pension Plan of the Company, (3)  no Pension Plan of
the Company has or had at any time  during the current plan year an
"accumulated funding  deficiency" within the meaning of Section 412(a) of
the  Code and (4) there is no liability under Title IV of ERISA  with
respect to any Company Benefit Plan (except for  insurance premiums payable
to the Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation which are not yet due) that has
not been  satisfied as of the date hereof.   (iv) Each Pension Plan of the
Company that is intended to be a  tax-qualified plan has been the subject of
a determination  letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect 
that such Pension Plan and related trust is qualified and  exempt from U.S.
Federal income Taxes under Sections  401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the
Code; no such  determination letter has been revoked; and, to the  knowledge
of the Company, no such revocation has been  threatened. No such Pension Plan
has been amended since  the effective date of its most recent determination
letter  in any respect that would adversely affect its  qualification,
materially increase its costs or require  security under Section 307 of
ERISA. Furthermore, each  Pension Plan of the Company that is intended to be
tax  qualified has been timely and properly amended since each  respective
Pension Plan\'s effective date to comport with  any changes in the Code,
ERISA, or other applicable  federal or state law which might otherwise effect
such  Pension Plan\'s tax qualified status. The Company has  delivered or
made available to the Trust a copy of the  most recent determination letter
received with respect to  each Pension Plan of the Company.    (v) Each
Welfare Plan of the Company may be amended or  terminated without material
liability to the Surviving  Corporation at any time after the Effective
Time.   (vi) Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(l) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, no director, independent contractor  or employee of the
Company will be entitled to any  additional benefits or any acceleration of
the time of  payment or vesting of any benefits under any Company  Benefit
Plan as a result of the transactions contemplated  by this Agreement.  
(vii) Schedule 3.1(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedule  contains a list of
all Company Benefit Plans which provide  for accelerated vesting or payment
of any benefits as a  result of a change in control.   (m) Taxes. 
-----   (i) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has filed all  Federal
and all material state and local Tax returns and  reports required to be
filed by it or requests for  extensions to file such returns or reports have
been  timely filed, granted and have not expired. All Federal  and all
material state and local Tax returns and reports  filed by the Company and
each of its subsidiaries are  complete and accurate in all material respects.
The  Company and each of its subsidiaries has paid (or the  Company has paid
on its behalf) all Taxes shown as due on  such returns and reports and all
material Taxes otherwise  due, and the Company Balance Sheet adequately
provides for  Taxes payable by the Company and its subsidiaries for  taxable
periods and portions thereof accrued through the  date of such financial
statements.   (ii) No deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed,
asserted  or assessed against the Company or any of its subsidiaries  that
are not adequately provided for on the financial  statements, and no requests
for waivers of the time to  assess any such Taxes have been granted or are
pending.  There is no audit, examination, deficiency or refund  litigation
pending with respect to Taxes and during the  past three years no taxing
authority has given written  notice of the intent to commence any such
examination,  audit deficiency or refund litigation. None of the assets  or
properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is  subject to any
material Tax lien, other than any such  liens for Taxes which are not due and
payable, which may  thereafter be paid without penalty or the validity of 
which are being contested in good faith by appropriate  proceedings and for
which adequate provisions are being  maintained in accordance with generally
accepted  accounting principles ("Permitted Tax Liens").   (iii) Schedule
3.1(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists  all federal, state, local,
and foreign income Tax returns  for which an extension to file has filed and
for which the  related Tax return has not been filed.    (iv) None of the
payments or benefits which may be triggered  under any Company Benefit Plan
or other agreement or  arrangement by the Merger or the other transactions 
contemplated hereby (either alone or in combination with a  second event
following the Merger such as termination of  employment) will not be
deductible under Code (S)280G.   (v) As used in this Agreement, "Taxes"
shall include all  Federal, state and local income, franchise, use,
property,  sales, excise and other taxes, tariffs or governmental  charges
of any nature whatsoever, domestic or foreign,  including any interest,
penalties or additions with  respect thereto.   (n) Inapplicability of DGCL
Section 203 and Article THIRTEENTH of the 
-----------------------------------------------------------------  Company
Charter; Voting Requirements. The Company\'s Board of 
------------------------------------  Directors (including, without
limitation the requisite approval  of "Continuing Directors" to the extent
necessary under Article  THIRTEENTH of the Company\'s Second Restated
Certificate of  Incorporation) has taken all actions necessary and
appropriate to  render the limitations on business combinations contained
in  Section 203 of the DGCL and the 66 2/3% voting provisions in  Article
THIRTEENTH of the Company\'s Second Restated Certificate  of Incorporation
inapplicable to this Agreement, the Stockholders  Agreements and the
consummation of the Merger and the other  transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby. The affirmative  vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of  the Company Common Stock (the "Company Stockholder
Approval") is  the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the 
Company\'s capital stock necessary to approve and adopt this  Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by  this Agreement, and the
Stockholders Agreements.   (o) Rights Agreement. The Rights Agreement has
been amended as of  ----------------  the date hereof (the "Rights
Amendment") to the extent necessary  (i) to render the Rights Agreement
inapplicable to this  Agreement, the Stockholders Agreements, the Merger, and
the other  transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholders 
Agreements (ii) to ensure that (y) neither the Trust nor any of  its
subsidiaries (including Acquisition Sub) is an Acquiring  Person (as defined
in the Rights Agreement) pursuant to the  Rights Agreement and (z) a Stock
Acquisition Date or Distribution  Date (in each case as defined in the Rights
Agreement) does not  occur solely by reason of the execution of this
Agreement or the  Stockholders Agreements or the consummation of the Merger
or the  other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the 
Stockholders Agreements and (iii) to terminate the Rights  Agreement
effective as of the Effective Time.   (p) Brokers. No broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or  -------  other person, other than J.P. Morgan
and Co., Incorporated (copies  of whose engagement agreement have been provided
to the Trust),  is entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s
or  other similar fee or commission in connection with the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon  arrangements made by or on behalf
of the Company.    (q) Opinion of Financial Advisor; Board Findings and
Recommendation. The 
---------------------------------------------------------------  Company has
received the opinion of J.P. Morgan and Co. Incorporated,  dated as of the date
of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such  date, the cash amount per
Share specified in Section 2.1(c) to be paid  in accordance with Article 2 is
fair to the holders of the Company\'s  Common Stock from a financial point of
view. A copy of such opinion  has heretofore been delivered to the Trust. The
Company has been  authorized by J. P. Morgan and Co. Incorporated to permit the
inclusion  of such opinion in its entirety in the Proxy Statement, so long
as  such inclusion is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to J. 
P. Morgan and Co. Incorporated and its counsel. The Company\'s Board of 
Directors (i) has unanimously approved and adopted the Stockholders 
Agreements, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, 
including the Merger, and thereby, (ii) has unanimously determined  that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,  including the Merger,
are advisable, fair to and in the best interests  of the stockholders of the
Company and (iii) unanimously recommends  (subject to Section 4.2(b)) that
the stockholders of the Company  approve and adopt this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated  hereby, including the Merger.   (r) Compliance
with Applicable Laws. Each of the Company and its 
-------------------------------  subsidiaries holds all Federal, state and
local governmental  approvals, authorizations, certificates, permits,
filings, franchises,  licenses, notices and rights, domestic or foreign
("Permits")  necessary for it to own, lease or operate its properties and
assets  and to carry on its business as now conducted, and all such Permits 
are valid and in full force and effect, except where the failure to  have, or
the suppression or cancellation of, or the failure of any  such Permits to be
valid and in full force and effect individually or  in the aggregate would
not have a material adverse effect on the  Company. The Company and each of
its subsidiaries are in compliance  with all applicable judgments, orders,
decrees, statutes, laws,  ordinances, rules and regulations of any
Governmental Entity, except  for possible noncompliance which individually or
in the aggregate  would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. As
of the  date hereof, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity 
with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries is pending, or  to the
Company\'s knowledge threatened, other than those which  individually or in
the aggregate would not have a material adverse  effect on the Company.  
(s) No Default. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in 
----------  breach, default or violation (and no event has occurred, which,
with  notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a breach, 
default or violation) of any term, condition or provision of (i) the 
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or the  comparable
organizational documents of any of its subsidiaries, (ii)  any loan or credit
agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease  or other agreement,
instrument, permit, concession, franchise or  license applicable to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or their  respective properties or assets,
or (iii) any judgment, order, decree,  statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to the Company  or any of its subsidiaries or their
respective properties or assets,  except in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) for breaches, defaults or  violations  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER -
Page 18    which individually or in the aggregate would not have a
material  adverse effect on the Company.   (t) Environmental Laws and
Regulations. Except as described in Schedule 
----------------------------------  3.1(t) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and each of its  subsidiaries are in compliance with
all applicable Federal, state and  local laws and regulations (including
common law) relating to  pollution or protection of human health or the
environment (including  ambient air, surface water, ground water, land
surface or subsurface  strata) (collectively, "Environmental Laws"), which,
except for any  such non-compliance as has not and, if continued, would
not,  individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on 
the Company. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence,  compliance
with Environmental Laws includes, but is not limited to,  the possession by
the Company and each of its subsidiaries of all  permits and other
governmental authorizations required under  applicable Environmental Laws.
The Company is in material compliance  with the terms and conditions thereof.
Except as described in  Schedule 3.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the  Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice
of, or  is the subject of any facts, circumstances or conditions that could 
reasonably be expected to result in, any actions, causes of action,  claims,
investigations, demands or notices by any person alleging  liability under or
non-compliance with any Environmental Law  ("Environmental Claims") that has
had or, if continued, would have,  individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect on the  Company.   (u) Contracts; Indebtedness. (a)
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(u)  -----------------------  of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no contracts, agreements  that are
material to the business, properties, assets, financial  condition or results
of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries  taken as a whole. All of
such disclosed contracts are valid and  legally binding obligations of the
Company or its subsidiaries, as the  case may be, and, to the knowledge of
the Company, of each of the  other parties thereto, and are enforceable in
accordance with the  terms thereof. No such contract contains any provision
which  prohibits or restricts, or provides that the other party thereto may 
terminate such contract in the event or by reason of, the Merger or  the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or contains any  other
provision that would be altered or otherwise become applicable  by reason of
such transaction. The Company has provided true and  correct copies of all
such contracts to the Trust. Schedule 3.1(u) of  the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth (i) a list of each  agreement, instruments and other
obligation pursuant to which any  indebtedness of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in a principal  amount in excess of $1,000,000 is outstanding or
may be incurred other  than any that may be entered into after the date of
this Agreement in  compliance with Sections 4.1(a) and (ii) the respective
principal  amounts outstanding thereunder as of June 30, 2000.   (v)
Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) own, or 
---------------------  are validly licensed or otherwise have the right to
use, all patents,  patent rights, trademarks, trade names, service marks,
copyrights,  know how and other proprietary  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER -
Page 19    intellectual property rights and computer programs
(collectively,  "Intellectual Property Rights") that are material to the
conduct of  the business of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, and  (ii) has taken such steps to preserve such Intellectual
Property  Rights as the Company has determined to be appropriate. Schedule 
3.1(v) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a description of  all
Intellectual Property Rights that are material to the conduct of  the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,  and, to the
Company\'s knowledge, all such Intellectual Property Rights  are valid and
enforceable. No claims are pending or, to the knowledge  of the Company,
threatened that the Company or any of its subsidiaries  is infringing or
otherwise adversely affecting the intellectual  property rights of any
person, and the Company is not aware of any  basis for any such claims. To
the knowledge of the Company, no person  is infringing the rights of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries  with respect to any Intellectual Property
Right. None of the Company\'s  Intellectual Property Rights are licensed to
any third party. Except  as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule, no
material  Intellectual Property Right is subject to any outstanding
judgment,  injunction, order, decree, or agreement restricting the use
thereof by  the Company or any of its subsidiaries or restricting the
licensing  thereof by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.   (w) Labor
Matters. Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(w) of the Company 
-------------  Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries  is party to any collective bargaining agreement, memorandum
of  understanding, settlement or other labor agreement with any union or 
labor organization and no union or labor organization has been  recognized by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries as an exclusive  bargaining
representative for employees of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries.
Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(w) of the Company  Disclosure Schedule, to
the Company\'s knowledge, there is no current  union representation question
involving employees of the Company or  any of its subsidiaries, nor does the
Company have knowledge of any  significant activity or proceeding of any
labor organization (or  representative thereof) or employee group to organize
any such  employees. Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(w) of the Company 
Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries  has
made any commitment that would require the application of the  terms of any
collective bargaining agreements entered into by the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries to the Trust, to any joint venture  of the Trust, or to any
subsidiary of the Trust.   Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(w) of the
Company Disclosure  Schedule there is no material labor dispute, strike,
picketing or work  stoppage, or any lockout, involving employees of the
Company or any of  its subsidiaries pending or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
threatened  against or involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(w) of the Company Disclosure  Schedule,
(i) there is no grievance, arbitration, unfair labor  practice,
investigation, employment discrimination or other labor or  employment
related charge, complaint or claim against the Company or  any of its
subsidiaries pending before  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 20   
any court, arbitrator, mediator or governmental agency or tribunal,  or, to
the Company\'s knowledge, threatened, and (ii) there has been no 
adjudication by any court, arbitrator, mediator or governmental agency  or
tribunal that, in the case of either (i) or (ii), has or that would 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the  Company or
otherwise limit or affect the business operations of the  Company.   To the
knowledge of the Company, none of the Company, any of its  subsidiaries or
any of their respective representatives or employees  has committed any
unfair labor practice in connection with the  operation of the respective
businesses of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries that has not been
resolved, and there is no charge or  complaint against the Company or any of
its subsidiaries.   As of the date of this Agreement, (i) the Company is
in  compliance with all applicable laws relating to the employment of 
labor, including those related to wages, hours, collective bargaining  worker
classification and the payment and withholding of taxes and  other sums as
required by the appropriate governmental authority and  has withheld and paid
to the appropriate governmental authority or is  holding for payment not yet
due to such governmental authority all  amounts required to be withheld from
employees of the Company and is  not liable for any arrears of wages, taxes,
penalties or other sums  for failure to comply with any of the foregoing;
(ii) the Company has  paid in full to all employees, or adequately accrued
for in accordance  with GAAP, consistently applied, all wages, salaries,
commissions,  bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of
such  employees; (iii) there is no claim with respect to payment of wages, 
salary or overtime pay that has been asserted or is now pending or 
threatened before any governmental authority with respect to any  persons
currently or formerly employed by the Company; (iv) the  Company is not a
party to, or otherwise bound by, any consent decree  with, or citation by,
any governmental authority relating to employees  or employment practices;
and (v) there is no charge of discrimination  in employment or employment
practices, for any reason, including,  without limitation, age, gender, race,
religion or other legally  protected category, which has been asserted or is
now pending or  threatened before the United States Equal Employment
Opportunity  Commission, or any other governmental authority in any
jurisdiction in  which the Company has employees except in the case of
clauses (i),  (iii) and (v) above, where the same would not, individually or
in the  aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company.   (x)
Assets Other than Real Property Interests. The Company or a 
-----------------------------------------  subsidiary of the Company has good
and valid title to all material  assets owned by them, in each case free and
clear of all pledges,  claims, charges, mortgages, liens, security interests
or encumbrances  of any kind except (i) mechanics\', carriers\', workmen\'s,
repairmen\'s  or other like liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course
of  business, liens arising under original purchase price conditional  sales
contracts and equipment leases with third parties entered into  in the
ordinary course of business if the underlying obligations are  not overdue
for a period of  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 21    more than 90
days, and liens for Taxes which are not yet due and  payable, (ii) mortgages,
liens, security interests and encumbrances  which secure debt that is
reflected as a liability on the Balance  Sheet and the existence of which is
indicated in the notes thereto and  (iii) other imperfections of title or
encumbrances, if any, which do  not, individually or in the aggregate,
materially impair the continued  use and operation or the marketability of
the assets to which they  relate in the business of the Company and its
subsidiaries as  presently conducted (the mortgages, liens, security
interests,  encumbrances and imperfections of title described in clauses (i),
(ii)  and (iii) above are hereinafter referred to collectively as
"Permitted  Liens").   All the material tangible personal property of the
Company and  its subsidiaries has been maintained in all material respects
in  accordance with the past practice of the Company and its subsidiaries 
and generally accepted industry practice. Each item of material  tangible
personal property of the Company and its subsidiaries is in  all material
respects in good working order and is adequate and  sufficient for the
Company\'s intended purposes, ordinary wear and tear  excepted.   This
Section 3.1(x) does not relate to real property or interests  in real
property, such items being the subject of Section 3.1(y).   (y) Title to
Real Property. Schedule 3.1(y) sets forth a complete list of 
----------------------  all real property owned in fee by the Company and its
subsidiaries  other than any real property disposed of after the date of
this  Agreement in compliance with Section 4.1(a) (individually, an "Owned 
Property"). Schedule 3.1(y) sets forth a complete list of all real  property
and interests in real property leased by the Company and its  subsidiaries
(other than any real property disposed of after the date  of this Agreement
in compliance with Section 4.1(a) (individually, a  "Leased Property") and
identifies any material leases relating  thereto. The Company or a subsidiary
has (i) good and marketable fee  title to all Owned Property insurable at
regular rates and (ii) good  and valid title to the leasehold estates in all
Leased Property (an  Owned Property or Leased Property being sometimes
referred to herein,  individually, as a "Company Property" and, collectively,
as "Company  Properties"), in each case free and clear of all mortgages,
liens,  security interests, encumbrances, leases, assignments, subleases, 
easements, covenants, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions of  any
nature whatsoever, except (A) leases, subleases and similar  agreements set
forth in Schedule 3.1(y), (B) Permitted Liens, (C)  easements, covenants,
rights-of-way and other similar restrictions of  record, (D) any conditions
that would be shown by a current, accurate  survey or physical inspection of
any Company Property made prior to  Closing and (E) (I) zoning, building and
other similar restrictions,  (II) mortgages, liens, security interests,
encumbrances, easements,  covenants, rights-of-way and other similar
restrictions that have been  placed by any developer, landlord or other third
party on property  over which the Company or any subsidiary thereof has
easement rights  or on any Leased Property and subordination or similar
agreements  relating thereto, and (III) unrecorded easements, covenants,
rights-  of-way and other similar restrictions, none of which items set
forth  in clauses (C), (D) and (E),  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
22    individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the value or
the  continued use and operation of the property to which they relate in 
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as presently  conducted. No
local zoning or similar land use or government  regulations materially
impairs the current use by the Company and its  subsidiaries of the plants,
offices and other facilities located on  Company Property.   (z) Insurance.
The Company and its subsidiaries maintain policies of  --------- 
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance, fire and casualty,  liability
and other forms of insurance (including self-insurance) in  such amounts,
with such deductibles and against such risks and losses  as are reasonable
for the operation of the business and ownership of  assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries. The insurance policies  owned and maintained by the Company
and its subsidiaries are listed in  Schedule 3.1(z). All such policies are in
full force and effect, all  premiums due and payable thereon have been paid
(other than  retroactive or retrospective premium adjustments that are not
yet, but  may be, required to be paid with respect to any period ending prior
to  the Closing Date under comprehensive general liability and workmen\'s 
compensation insurance policies), and no notice of cancellation or 
termination has been received with respect to any such policy which  has not
been replaced on substantially similar terms prior to the date  of such
cancellation. To the knowledge of the Company, the activities  and operations
of the Company and its subsidiaries have been conducted  in a manner so as to
conform in all material respects to all  applicable provisions of such
insurance policies. The coverages  provided by such policies of insurance
with respect to events  occurring prior to the Effective Time will not be
affected in any  manner by, and will not terminate or lapse by reason of, any
of the  Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement.  
(aa) Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in Sections 3.1(k), 
----------------------------  3.1(l), 3.1(u) and 3.1(aa) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there  is no material agreement, contract or other
arrangement between the  Company or any subsidiary, on the one hand, and any
officer, director  or affiliate (other than the Company or a subsidiary), on
the other  hand. Officer, director or affiliate of the Company or any
subsidiary  (other than the Company or any subsidiary) has any material
interest  in any property (real or personal, tangible or intangible) or
contract  used in or pertaining to the business of the Company or a
subsidiary.  No affiliate of the Company or any subsidiary (other than the
Company  or any subsidiary) has any direct or indirect ownership interest
in  any person in which the Company or a subsidiary has any direct or 
indirect ownership interest or with which the Company or a subsidiary 
competes or has a business relationship.   (bb) State Takeover Statutes.
Except for Section 203 of the DGCL (which,  -----------------------  as
described in Section 3.1(n), the Board of Directors of the Company  has taken
all actions to render the limitations on business  combinations therein
inapplicable to this Agreement, the Stockholders  Agreements and the
consummation of the Merger and the other  transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby), no other state takeover  statute or similar statute or
regulation applies or purports to apply  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
23    to this Agreement, the Stockholders Agreements, the Merger or the 
other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.  Section 3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Trust.__ 
-------------------------------------------   Except as set forth with
respect to an identified representation and warranty on the Disclosure
Schedule delivered by the Trust to the Company upon the execution of this
Agreement (the "Trust Disclosure Schedule"), the Trust represents and
warrants to the Company as follows:   (a) Organization, Standing and
Corporate Power. The Trust is a  ------------------------------------------ 
statutory trust duly formed and validly existing under the laws of 
Connecticut and has the requisite power and authority to carry on  its
business as now being conducted. Acquisition Sub is a  corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing  under the laws of Delaware
and has the requisite corporate power  and authority to carry on its business
as now being conducted. Each  of the Trust and Acquisition Sub is duly
qualified or licensed to  do business and is in good standing (with respect
to jurisdictions  which recognize such concept) in each jurisdiction in which
the  nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its  properties
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, other  than in such
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or  licensed or to be in
good standing individually or in the aggregate  would not have a material
adverse effect on the Trust.   (b) Authority; Noncontravention. Each of the
Trust and Acquisition Sub  ----------------------------  has all requisite
trust or corporate power and authority to enter  into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated  by this Agreement. The execution,
delivery and performance of this  Agreement by the Trust and Acquisition Sub
and the consummation by  the Trust and Acquisition Sub of the transactions
contemplated by  this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary
trust or  corporate action (as the case may be) on the part of such person. 
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the  Trust and
Acquisition Sub and constitutes the legal, valid and  binding obligation of
such persons, enforceable against each such  person in accordance with its
terms. The execution, delivery and  performance of this Agreement and the
Stockholders Agreements do  not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this  Agreement and compliance with the provisions of this
Agreement and  the Stockholders Agreements by the Trust and Acquisition Sub
will  not, conflict with, or result in any violation of, breach of, or 
default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under,  or give
rise to a right of termination, cancellation or  acceleration of any
obligation or to loss of a material benefit  under (i) trust agreement of the
Trust or the certificate of  incorporation or by-laws of Acquisition Sub,
(ii) any loan or  credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or
other  agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or license 
applicable to the Trust or Acquisition Sub or their respective  AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 24    properties or assets or (iii) subject to
the governmental filings  and other matters referred to in the following
sentence, any  judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or 
regulation applicable to the Trust or Acquisition Sub or their  respective
properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses  (ii) and (iii), any
such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights,  losses or Liens that
individually or in the aggregate would not  have a material adverse effect on
the Trust. No consent, approval,  order or authorization of, or registration,
declaration or filing  with, any Governmental Entity is required by or with
respect to the  Trust or Acquisition Sub in connection with the execution,
delivery  and performance of this Agreement or the Stockholders Agreements
by  the Trust or Acquisition Sub or the consummation by the Trust and 
Acquisition Sub of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement  or the
Stockholders Agreements, except for (1) the filing of a  premerger
notification and report form by the Trust or Acquisition  Sub under the HSR
Act, to the extent required thereby; (2) the  filing of the Certificate of
Merger with the Delaware Secretary of  State and appropriate documents with
the relevant authorities of  other states in which the Trust is qualified to
do business; and  (3) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, 
registrations, declarations and filings the failure to make or  obtain which
would not reasonably be expected to have a material  adverse effect on the
Trust.   (c) Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to
be  --------------------  supplied by the Trust or Acquisition Sub in
writing specifically  for inclusion or incorporation by reference in any
documents filed  or to be filed with the SEC or any other governmental entity
in  connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including the 
Proxy Statement will, at the respective times such document is  filed, and
also, in the case of the Proxy Statement, at the date  the Proxy Statement is
first mailed to the Company\'s stockholders  or at the time of the meeting of
the Company\'s stockholders held to  vote upon the approval and adoption of
this Agreement, contain any  untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material  fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make  the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they are made, not misleading (or necessary to correct any  statement in any
earlier communication).   (d) Brokers. No broker, investment banker,
financial advisor or other  -------  person, other than Salomon Smith
Barney, the fees and expenses of  which will be paid by the Trust, is
entitled to any broker\'s,  finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar
fee or commission in  connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement  based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Trust.   (e)
Financing Commitment. The Trust has received an executed letter, 
--------------------  dated as of August 8, 2000 (the "Lender Letter"), from
Cooperative  Centrale Raiffeisen - Boeremleembank B.A., "Rabobank -
Nederland",  New York (the "Lender"), a true and correct copy of which has
been  furnished to the Company, indicating that the Lender, subject to 
obtaining internal credit approval, is confident that it can  provide the
funds necessary to fund in full the payment of the  merger consideration
payable by the Trust in accordance with  Article 2. The Trust agrees that
within 30 days after the execution  of this Agreement it will furnish to the
Company an executed  commitment (the "Commitment") from the Lender or from
another  financial institution(s) reasonably acceptable to the Company in a 
form customary for a financial buyer under similar circumstances  with
respect to the  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 25    funds required
by the Trust to consummate the transactions  contemplated hereby, subject to
customary conditions precedent for  such a commitment, including, without
limitation, the negotiation  and execution of definitive documentation for
such funding and  final Lender approvals. Concurrently with the execution of
this  Agreement, the Trust has caused the Lender to issue an irrevocable 
direct draw letter of credit in the form attached hereto as Annex I  (the
"Letter of Credit"), pursuant to which the Company shall have  the right, on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth  therein, to draw in full
to receive payment of $12,000,000 in  accordance with Section 7.2(b).   (f)
No Prior Activities of the Trust and Acquisition Sub. Each of the 
----------------------------------------------------  Trust and Acquisition
Sub was formed solely for the purpose of  engaging in the transactions
contemplated hereby, and has engaged  in no other business activities and has
conducted its operations  only as contemplated hereby.   ARTICLE 4  
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  Section 4.1 Conduct of
Business.__  -------------------   (a) Conduct of Business by the Company.
Except as set forth in Section  ----------------------------------  4.1 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, and except with the written  consent of the
Trust, during the period from the date of this  Agreement to the Effective
Time, the Company shall, and shall cause  its subsidiaries to, carry on their
respective businesses in the  usual, and ordinary course consistent with past
practice and in  compliance in material respects with all applicable laws
and  regulations and use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact  their
current business organizations, keep available the services  of their current
officers and employees and preserve their  relationships with those persons
having business dealings with  them. Except as set forth in Section 4.1 of
the Company Disclosure  Schedule, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, during  the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time,  the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
subsidiaries  to, without the written consent of the Trust:   (i) (x)
declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any  other distributions
in respect of, any of its capital stock,  other than dividends and
distributions by a direct or  indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
to its  parent, (y) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital  stock
or issue or authorize the issuance of any other  securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for  shares of its capital stock or (z) purchase,
redeem or  otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company  or
any of its subsidiaries or any other securities thereof or  any rights,
warrants or options to acquire any such shares or  other securities (except
for the redemption of the Rights (as  defined in the Rights Agreement) as and
in the manner  provided for in the Rights Agreement);  AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER - Page 26    (ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise
encumber any shares  of its capital stock, any other voting securities or
any  securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or  options to
acquire, any such shares, voting securities or  convertible securities (other
than the issuance of Company  Common Stock upon the exercise of stock options
outstanding  on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their 
present terms or in accordance with the present terms of the  Stock
Plans);   (iii) amend its certificate of incorporation, by-laws, articles
of  incorporation, or other comparable organizational documents,  as
applicable;   (iv) merge or consolidate with any other person or acquire
any  interest in material assets of any other person other than  pursuant to
existing contract or commitments which have been  disclosed to the Trust on
the Company Disclosure Schedule;   (v) sell, lease, license, mortgage or
otherwise encumber or  subject to, or permit the creation or other incurrence
of,  any material Lien or otherwise dispose of any material  properties or
assets;   (vi) (x) incur indebtedness for borrowed money, assume or 
guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or  sell any debt
securities or warrants or other rights to  acquire any debt securities of the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries, guarantee any debt securities of
another  person, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to  maintain
any financial statement condition of another person  or enter into any
arrangement having the economic effect of  any of the foregoing, except for
working capital borrowings  or general corporate purpose borrowings under the
Bank Credit  Agreement, in either case incurred in the ordinary course of 
business in an aggregate amount not in excess of $115 million  less
outstanding borrowings under the Bank Credit Agreement,  or (y) make any
loans, advances or capital contributions to,  or investments in, any other
person, other than to the  Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of
the Company  or to officers and employees of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries for travel, business or relocation expenses in  the ordinary
course of business and for computer loans to  employees in the ordinary
course of business pursuant to  existing programs;   (vii) make or agree to
make any new capital expenditure or capital  expenditures other than capital
expenditures which (a) are  the subject of contractually committed purchase
orders as of  the date hereof with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, 
or (b) individually are not in excess of $250,000 and in the  aggregate are
not in excess of $3,000,000, provided that at  any time aggregate capital
expenditures exceed $1,000,000 the  Company shall give written notice to the
Trust at least 14  days in advance prior to the commitment for any capital 
expenditures that individually will exceed $100,000, or (c)  constitute
reasonable expenditures not to exceed $80,000  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
- Page 27    made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in  connection
with any emergency or other force majeure events  affecting the Company or
any of its subsidiaries;   (viii) make any Tax election or settle or
compromise any material  Tax liability or take any action with respect to
the  computation of Taxes or the preparation of Tax returns or  reports that
is inconsistent with past practice;   (ix) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy
material claims,  liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted
or  unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the  payment,
discharge, settlement or satisfaction, in the  ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice  or in accordance with their terms, of
liabilities (x)  reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, the 
most recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes  thereto) of the
Company included in the Filed SEC Documents  or (y) incurred since the date
of such financial statements  in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past  practice;   (x) (x) enter into or adopt any new Company Benefit
Plan or  amend (other than as required by applicable law) any  Company
Benefit Plan in any material respect, (y) increase  the compensation or bonus
opportunity of any officer or  employee of the Company or its subsidiaries,
except for  increases in the ordinary course of business consistent  with
past practice and except for benefits required to be  paid under Company
Benefit Plans as in effect on the date  of this Agreement, or (z) grant
additional equity-based  compensation to any officer or employee of the
Company or  its subsidiaries;   (xi) enter into any contracts or agreements
in the ordinary  course of business requiring the payment, or receipt of 
payment, of consideration in excess of $300,000, or modify,  amend or
terminate any existing material contract that is  material to the business of
the Company and its  subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than (a) 
modifications, amendments or terminations in the ordinary  course of business
consistent with past practice, (b)  contracts, agreements or purchase orders
for capital  expenditures permitted under this Section 4.1(a), and (c) 
contracts, agreements or purchase orders entered into in  the ordinary course
of business with customers and  suppliers for the sale of the Company\'s or
any of its  subsidiary\'s products or the purchase of raw materials, 
supplies, fuel, utilities and other goods or services, used  or consumed in
the ordinary course of business.   (xii) settle any material action, suit,
investigation or  proceeding other than any action, suit, investigation or 
proceeding which involves only the payment of damages in an  immaterial
amount and does not involve injunctive or other  equitable
relief;  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 28    (xiii) fail to
maintain with financially responsible insurers  insurance in such amounts and
against such risks and losses  as are customary for companies engaged in
their respective  businesses;   (xiv) fail to maintain in full force and
effect all material  Permits that are required in connection with the conduct
of  the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries or sell,  transfer,
license or otherwise dispose of any rights or  interests under such
Permits;   (xv) make any change to its accounting methods, tax accounting 
or accounting principles or practices, except as may be  required by GAAP;
or   (xvi) authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the foregoing 
actions.   (b) Other Actions. The Company and the Trust shall not, and shall
not  -------------  permit any of their respective subsidiaries to, take any
action  that would, or that could reasonably be expected to, result in (i) 
any of the representations and warranties of such party set forth  in this
Agreement that are qualified as to materiality becoming  untrue, (ii) any of
such representations and warranties that are  not so qualified becoming
untrue in any material respect or (iii)  any of the conditions to the Merger
set forth in Article 6 not  being satisfied.   (c) Advice of Changes. The
Company and the Trust shall promptly advise  -----------------  the other
party orally and in writing of (i) any representation or  warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or  inaccurate (ii) the failure
by it to comply with or satisfy any  covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied  by it under this Agreement or (iii) any change or
event having, or  which could reasonably be expected to have, a material
adverse  effect on such party or on the truth of their respective 
representations and warranties or the ability of the conditions set  forth in
Article 6 to be satisfied; provided, however, that no such  --------
-------  notification shall affect the representations, warranties, 
covenants, Disclosure Schedules or agreements of the parties or the 
conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.   (d)
DRIP; ESPP. On the date of this Agreement, the Company shall cause 
----------  purchases of Company Common Stock under the Dividend
Reinvestment  Plan and its Employee Stock Purchase Plan to be suspended or 
terminated and to continue such suspension or termination while  this
Agreement is in effect. In connection with any such suspension  or
termination, the Company may return any unspent contributed  funds to the
contributing participants in such plans.  Section 4.2 No Solicitation. 
---------------   (a) From the date hereof until the Effective Time, the
Company shall  not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, nor shall
it  authorize or permit any of its directors, officers or employees or  any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or  other
representative retained by it or any of its subsidiaries  AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER - Page 29    (the "Representatives") to, directly or indirectly
through another  person, (i) solicit or initiate (including by way of
furnishing  information), or take any other action designed and intended to 
facilitate or encourage, any inquiries or the making of any  proposal that
constitutes any Takeover Proposal (as defined below),  (ii) participate or
engage in any discussions or negotiations  regarding any Takeover Proposal,
or (iii) disclose any nonpublic  information relating to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries to  any person; provided, however, that if, at any time
prior to the  --- ------  approval and adoption of this Agreement by the
holders of  outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, the Board of
Directors  of the Company determines in good faith, (i) after consultation 
with outside counsel, that it is necessary to do so in order to  comply with
its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders  under applicable law and
(ii) after consultation with the Company\'s  financial advisors, that such
Takeover Proposal, if consummated,  would be a Superior Proposal (as defined
below), then the Company  may, in response to a bona fide written Takeover
Proposal that was  not solicited by it, and subject to compliance with
Section 4.2(c),  (x) furnish information with respect to the Company and
its  subsidiaries to any person submitting such Takeover Proposal (which 
person may also be a person who participated in discussions with  the Company
prior to the execution of this Agreement and with whom  the Company ceased
discussions in accordance with Section 4.2(e)),  provided such information is
furnished pursuant to an existing  confidentiality agreement or a
confidentiality agreement with terms  no less favorable to the Company than
those contained in the  Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of August 3,
2000, between the  Company and Integrated Capital Associates, Inc.,
(including,  without limitation, the standstill provisions thereof) and (y) 
participate in negotiations regarding such Takeover Proposal. For  purposes
of this Agreement, "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry,  proposal or offer
from any person relating to any direct or  indirect acquisition or purchase
of 15% or more of the assets of  the Company and its subsidiaries or 15% or
more of any class of  equity securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, any  tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in  any person beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of
equity  securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any 
merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,  liquidation,
dissolution or similar transaction involving the  Company or any of its
subsidiaries, in all cases other than the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   (b) Except as expressly permitted by this Section 4.2, neither
the  Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall  (i)
withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify,  in a manner
adverse to the Trust, the approval or recommendation by  such Board of
Directors or such committee of this Agreement, the  Stockholders Agreements,
the Merger and the other transactions  contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
approve or recommend, or  propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
Takeover Proposal  or (iii) cause the Company to enter into any letter of
intent,  agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar 
agreement or fee arrangement or other agreement (each, an  "Acquisition
Agreement") related to any Takeover Proposal.  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
- Page 30    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if prior to the approval and 
adoption of this Agreement by the holders of Company Common Stock,  the Board
of Directors of the Company receives an unsolicited  Takeover Proposal which
the Board of Directors determines in good  faith (i) after consultation with
the Company\'s financial advisors,  constitutes a Superior Proposal, and (ii)
after consultation with  outside counsel, that it is necessary to do so in
order to comply  with its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders
under  applicable law, the Board of Directors of the Company may (x) 
withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of this  Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreements, the Merger or the  transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby, (y) approve or  recommend such Superior Proposal or (z) terminate
this Agreement  and concurrently with or after such termination, if it so
chooses,  cause the Company to enter into any Acquisition Agreement with 
respect to any Superior Proposal subject to payment of the  Termination Fee
prior to or concurrently with the termination  hereof, but only (i) if the
Company has complied with Section  4.2(a), (ii) if such action is taken at a
time that is after the  third business day following the Trust\'s receipt of
written notice  from the Company advising the Trust that the Board of
Directors of  the Company has received a Superior Proposal, specifying the 
material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and  identifying the
person making such Superior Proposal and (iii) the  Trust does not make prior
to the lapse of such time period a  definitive, binding offer which provides
equal or greater value to  the stockholders of the Company as the Superior
Proposal. For  purposes of this Agreement, a "Superior Proposal" means any
bona  fide written Takeover Proposal made by a third party on terms that 
the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good faith  judgment,
after consultation with its financial advisors and after  taking into account
all the terms and conditions of such proposal,  provides greater value to the
Company\'s stockholders than the  Merger and for which financing, to the
extent required, is then  committed or which the Board of Directors of the
Company has  reasonably determined can be obtained by such third party.  
(c) In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in  paragraphs
(a) and (b) of this Section 4.2, the Company shall  immediately (within 24
hours) advise the Trust of any Takeover  Proposal or Superior Proposal, the
material terms and conditions  known to the Company of such Takeover Proposal
or Superior  Proposal, a copy of any offer or other written communications
and  the identity of the person making such request, Takeover Proposal  or
Superior Proposal. The Company shall keep the Trust fully  informed of the
status and details of any such request or proposal  and the status of any
discussions and negotiations in relation  thereto.   (d) Nothing contained
in this Section 4.2 shall prohibit the Company  from taking and disclosing to
its stockholders a position  contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under
the Exchange Act or  from making any disclosure to the Company\'s
stockholders if, in the  good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the
Company, after  consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose
would be  a breach of its fiduciary duties to the Company\'s stockholders 
under  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 31    applicable law;
provided, however, that neither the Company nor its  Board of Directors nor
any committee thereof shall, except as  permitted by Section 4.2(b), withdraw
or modify, or propose  publicly to withdraw or modify, its position with
respect to this  Agreement, the Merger or approve or recommend, or propose
publicly  to approve or recommend, a Takeover Proposal.   (e) Without the
prior consent of the Trust, the Company shall not (i)  except to the extent
contemplated by this Agreement, amend or  modify the Rights Agreement or
redeem or terminate the Rights  Agreement or (ii) modify or release any
person from any  confidentiality or standstill agreement to which the Company
is a  party if such action would have the purpose or effect of permitting 
or facilitating the submission of a Takeover Proposal by such  person.
Immediately upon the execution of this Agreement, the  Company shall, and the
Company shall cause its subsidiaries and  Representatives to, cease and cause
to be terminated all  activities, discussions and negotiations, if any, with
any person  conducted prior to the date hereof with respect to, or seeking
to  obtain, any Takeover Proposal.   ARTICLE 5   ADDITIONAL
AGREEMENTS   Section 5.1 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Company 
-------------------------------------------  Stockholders Meeting. The
Company, acting through its Board of Directors,  -------------------- 
shall, in accordance with applicable law, its Second Amended and Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation and its Bylaws:   (a) As promptly as
practicable following the date of this Agreement,  the Company shall prepare
and file with the SEC the Proxy  Statement, use its reasonable best efforts
to have the Proxy  Statement cleared by the SEC and thereafter mailed to the
Company\'s  stockholders at the earliest practical date. The Trust and its 
counsel shall be given the reasonable opportunity to review and  comment upon
the Proxy Statement (and any supplements thereto)  prior to the time they are
filed with the SEC. The Company shall  provide the Trust and its counsel with
a copy of any written  comments or telephonic notification of any verbal
comments that are  received by the Company from the SEC or its staff with
respect to  the Proxy Statement and shall further provide the Trust and its 
counsel with a copy of any written response and telephonic  notifications of
any verbal responses by the Company. If at any  time prior to the Closing
Date any fact, event or development is  discovered by the Company which is
required under applicable law to  be set forth in a supplement to the Proxy
Statement, the Company  shall prepare and file with the SEC any such
supplement or  amendment and shall disseminate the same to its stockholders
in the  manner required by applicable law.   (b) As promptly as practicable
following the date of this Agreement,  subject to Section 4.2, the Company
will, as soon as practicable  following the date of this Agreement, duly
call, give notice of,  convene and hold a meeting of its  AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF MERGER - Page 32    stockholders (the "Company Stockholders
Meeting") for the purpose  of obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval.
Subject to Section  4.2(b), the Company will, through its Board of Directors,
recommend  to its stockholders the approval and adoption of this Agreement, 
the Merger and the consummation of the other transactions  contemplated
hereby and shall use its reasonable best efforts to  obtain such approval by
its stockholders.   (c) The Trust shall vote, or cause to be voted, all of
the Shares then  owned by it, Acquisition Sub or any of its other
subsidiaries in  favor of the approval and adoption of this Agreement, the
Merger  and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Section 5.2 Access to
Information; Confidentiality  --------------------------------------   From
the date of this Agreement until the Closing Date, the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its respective subsidiaries (i) to afford to the
Trust and to its officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys,
accountants and other representatives and to any other person that the Trust
or the Acquisition Sub has advised the Company is or may be interested in
purchasing from the Surviving Corporation after the Merger any of the assets,
facilities or operations of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries,
reasonable access during normal business hours during the period prior to the
Effective Time to all their respective properties, books, contracts,
commitments, personnel and records, (ii) instruct its counsel, financial
advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives of the Company and
its subsidiaries to cooperate with the Trust in its investigation of the
Company and its subsidiaries, and (iii) to furnish promptly to the Trust (a)
a copy of each report, schedule, form, statement and other document filed by
it during such period pursuant to the requirements of U.S. Federal or state
securities laws and (b) other information concerning its business, properties
and personnel as such other party may reasonably request. The Trust will
hold, and will cause its officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys,
accountants and other representatives and affiliates to hold, any nonpublic
information in accordance with the terms of that certain Confidentiality
Agreement dated August 3, 2000 by and between Integrated Capital Associates,
Inc. and the Company (the "Confidentiality Agreement").  Section 5.3
Reasonable Best Efforts.  -----------------------   Subject to Section
4.2(b), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and
to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in
the most expeditious manner practical, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) the obtaining of all necessary
actions or nonactions, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental
Entities and the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including
filings with Governmental Entities, such as those referred to in Sections
4.1(d)(1)-(4) and 4.2(b)(1)-(3)) and the taking of all reasonable steps as
may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action
or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity, (ii) the obtaining of all
necessary waivers, consents or approvals from third parties, (iii) the
defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or
administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
33   Agreement, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining
order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed
and (iv) the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary
to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the
purposes of, this Agreement.   Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, each of the Company and the Trust shall, to the extent required
under the HSR Act, promptly file or cause to be filed with the Federal Trade
Commission (the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice (the "Antitrust Division") notification and report forms pursuant to
the HSR Act relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated in
this Agreement. The Company and the Trust shall promptly respond to any
request for additional information or documenting material by the FTC or
Antitrust Division and shall cooperate with each other to effect the
expiration of any waiting periods applicable thereto as promptly as
practicable. The Company and the Trust shall each consult with the other and
use their reasonable best efforts to coordinate any communications or filings
with the FTC and the Antitrust Division.   In connection with and without
limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors shall (i) take
all reasonable action necessary to ensure that no state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreements, the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby and (ii) if any state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to this Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreements, the Merger or any other transaction contemplated
hereby or thereby, take all action necessary to ensure that the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholders
Agreements may be consummated as promptly as practical on the
terms contemplated herein and therein and otherwise to minimize the effect of
such statute or regulation on the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholders Agreements.   In
addition, the Trust undertakes and agrees to use its reasonable best efforts
and to take all reasonable actions necessary to obtain the Commitment within
the 30-day period specified in Section 3.2(e), to finalize the
definitive documentation as promptly as practicable thereafter for the
funding in full of the merger consideration that will become payable at the
Effective Time and to cause the conditions to funding thereunder to be
satisfied.  Section 5.4 Employee Matters  ----------------   (a) The
Trust agrees that the Company shall honor in accordance with  their
respective terms and, on and after the Effective Time, the  Trust shall cause
the Surviving Corporation to honor all Company  Benefit Plans and all other
written employment, severance,  termination and retirement agreements to
which the Company is a  party as of the Effective Time, and which are set
forth on the  Company Disclosure Schedule. Subject to the preceding sentence,
the  Trust agrees to cause the Surviving Corporation, after consummation  of
the Merger, to pay all amounts provided under such Company  Benefit Plans and
agreements in accordance with their respective  terms and to honor, and to
cause the Surviving Corporation to  honor, all rights and privileges to or
with respect to any such  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 34   
Company Benefit Plans or agreements that are vested at the  Effective Time or
vested as a result of the Merger.   (b) The Trust agrees that, for a period
of no less than one year  after the Effective Time, it shall, and shall cause
the Surviving  Corporation to, provide employee pension and welfare plans
(other  than stock options, restricted stock units and other equity-based 
or phantom equity-based awards) for the benefit of employees and  former
employees of the Company, that, in the aggregate, are not  materially less
favorable than the Pension Plans and Welfare  Plans in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time. To the  extent any benefit plan of the Trust (or
any plan of the  Surviving Corporation) shall be made applicable to any
employee  or former employee of the Company, the Trust shall, or shall 
cause the Surviving Corporation to, grant to employees and former  employees
of the Company credit for service with the Company  prior to the Effective
Time for the purposes of determining  eligibility to participate and the
employee\'s nonforfeitable  interest in benefits thereunder. In addition, to
the extent any  benefit plan of the Trust (or any plan of the Surviving 
Corporation) that constitutes a "Welfare Plan," as defined in  Section 4.1(l)
hereof, shall be made applicable to any employee  or former employee of the
Company, the Trust shall, or shall  cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i)
waive all preexisting  condition exclusions and waiting periods otherwise
applicable to  employees and former employees of the Company, except to the 
extent any such limitations or waiting periods in effect under  comparable
Welfare Plans have not been satisfied as of the date  such plan is made so
applicable and (ii) credit each employee and  former employee of the Company
for any co-payments and  deductibles paid by such employee or former employee
under  comparable Welfare Plans during the current year. Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be interpreted as limiting the power of the  Surviving
Corporation to amend or terminate any Company Benefit  Plan or any other
employee benefit plan, program, agreement or  policy or as requiring the
Surviving Corporation or the Trust to  continue (other than as required by
its terms) any written  employment contract.  Section 5.5 Rights
Agreement.  ----------------   The Board of Directors of the Company shall
take all further action (in addition to that referred to in Section 3.1(o))
necessary (including redeeming the Rights immediately prior to the Effective
Time or amending the Rights Agreement) in order to render the Rights
inapplicable to the execution of this Agreement and the Stockholders
Agreements and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.  Section 5.6 Continuance of Existing
Indemnification Rights.  ----------------------------------------------  
(a) For six years after the Effective Time, and during the pendency 
thereafter of any Claim (as defined below) asserted or made  within such six
year period, the Surviving Corporation shall  indemnify, defend and hold
harmless any person who is now, or has  been at any time prior to the date
hereof, or who becomes prior  to the Effective Time, a director or officer
(an "Indemnified  Person") of the  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
35    Company or any of its subsidiaries against all losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorneys\' fees  and
expenses), judgments, fines, losses and amounts paid in settlement  in
connection with any actual or threatened action, suit, claim,  proceeding or
investigation (each a "Claim") to the extent that any  such Claim directly or
indirectly is based on, or arises out of the  fact that: such Indemnified
Person is or was a director or officer of  the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, including any claim based in  whole or in part on this
Agreement or any of the transactions  contemplated hereby, in each case, to
the extent that any such Claim  pertains to any matter or fact arising,
existing or occurring prior to  or at the Effective Time, regardless of
whether such Claim is asserted  or claimed prior to, at or after the
Effective Time, to the fullest  extent permitted under the DGCL, the
Company\'s Second Restated  Certificate of Incorporation and by-laws and any
indemnification  agreement to which the Company and an Indemnified Party are
parties,  including provisions relating to advancement of expenses incurred
in  the defense of any such Claim; provided, however, that the Surviving 
Corporation shall not be required to indemnify any Indemnified Person  in
connection with any proceeding (or portion thereof) involving any  Claim
initiated by such Indemnified Person unless the initiation of  such
proceeding (or portion thereof) was authorized by the Board of  Directors of
the Surviving Corporation or unless such proceeding is  brought by an
Indemnified Person to enforce rights under this Section  5.6 and provided,
further, that the Surviving Corporation shall not be  liable for any
settlement effected without its prior written consent  (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld). Any Indemnified  Party wishing to claim
indemnification under this Section 5.6 upon  learning of any such Claim shall
notify the Company (or after the  Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation),
but the failure to so  notify shall not relieve a party from any liability
that it may have  under this Section 5.6, except to the extent that such
failure  prejudices such party. The Indemnified Parties as a group may
retain  only one law firm to represent them with respect to each such
matter  unless there is, under applicable standards of professional conduct,
a  conflict or a potential conflict on any significant issue between the 
positions of any two or more Indemnified Parties. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if any Indemnified Person becomes  involved in
any Claim, after the Effective Time, then the Surviving  Corporation shall
periodically advance to such Indemnified Person its  legal and other expenses
(including the cost of any investigation and  preparation incurred in
connection therewith), subject to such  Indemnified Person providing an
undertaking to reimburse all amounts  so advanced in the case of a final
nonappealable determination by a  court of competent jurisdiction that such
Indemnified Person is not  entitled to be indemnified therefor.   (b) The
Trust and the Company agree that all rights to indemnification, to  defense,
and being held harmless (including rights to advancement of  expenses),
existing in favor of any Indemnified Person, as provided in  the Company\'s
Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws  and any
indemnification agreement in effect at the date hereof, shall  survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect,  without any amendment
thereto that would be adverse to  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
36    any Indemnified Person unless, as to any such Indemnified Person, 
such Indemnified person consents thereto. The obligations of the  Surviving
Corporation pursuant to Section 5.6(a) and this Section  5.6(B) shall be
assigned in accordance with Section 8.10.   (c) The Surviving Corporation
shall maintain the Company\'s existing  directors\' and officers\' liability
insurance policy (the "DandO;  Insurance") for a period of not less than six
years after the  Effective Time; provided, however, that (i) upon the sale by
the  Surviving Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets  to an
unaffiliated person, which person provides a substitute  policy of similar
coverage and amounts containing terms no less  advantageous to such former
directors or officers than the DandO;  Insurance and agrees to maintain such
coverage for a period of  not less than six years after the Effective Time,
the Surviving  Corporation\'s obligation hereunder shall cease, (ii) the
Company  or such unaffiliated person, as the case may be, may substitute 
therefor policies of similar coverage and amounts containing  terms no less
advantageous to such former directors or officers  and (iii) if the existing
DandO; Insurance expires or is canceled  during such period, then the Surviving
Corporation or such  unaffiliated person, as the case may be, shall use its
reasonable  best efforts to obtain a directors\' and officers\' liability 
insurance policy substantially similar to the DandO; Insurance;  provided,
further, that if the aggregate annual premiums for such  insurance pursuant
to this Section 5.6(c) at any time during such  period shall exceed 100% of
the per annum rate of premium paid by  the Company and its subsidiaries as of
the date hereof for such  insurance, the Surviving Corporation shall provide
only such  coverage as shall then be available for such amount.  Section
5.7 Fees and Expenses.  -----------------   (a) Except as set forth in this
Section 5.7, all fees and expenses  incurred in connection with the Merger,
this Agreement and the  other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be paid  by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not
the  Merger is consummated.   (b) If this Agreement is terminated by (i)
either the Trust or the  Company pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i) or Section
7.1(b)(ii) and  prior to the termination hereof a Takeover Proposal has been
made  by any person or any person publicly announces its intent to make  a
Takeover Proposal, unless, in the case of a termination by the  Company, the
failure to consummate the Merger is the result of a  material breach of this
Agreement by the Trust or Acquisition Sub  or a material failure by the Trust
or Acquisition Sub to fulfill  any obligation under this Agreement, (ii) the
Trust pursuant to  Section 7.1(b)(iv), 7.1(d), 7.1(e) or 7.1(h), or (iii)
the  Company pursuant to Section 7.1(c), then the Company shall  promptly
pay the Trust a fee equal to $10,000,000 (the  "Termination Fee"), which
Termination Fee shall be payable by  wire transfer of same day funds not
later than the date of  termination of this Agreement.  AGREEMENT AND PLAN
OF MERGER - Page 37   Section 5.8 Public Announcements. 
--------------------   The Trust and the Company will consult with each
other before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and
shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement
prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable law,
stock exchange requirements or court process. If either the Company or the
Trust determines that a public announcement is required by applicable law,
stock exchange requirement or court process, prior to making such
announcement, it will consult and coordinate with the other party regarding
the substance thereof. The parties agree that the initial press release to be
issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
be in the form heretofore agreed upon by the parties.  Section 5.9
Stockholder Litigation.  ----------------------   The Company shall give
the Trust the opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any
stockholder litigation against the Company and its directors relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that no such
settlement shall be agreed to without the Trust\'s consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Section 5.10 Bank Credit Agreement and
Indenture.  -----------------------------------   The Surviving Corporation
shall honor, on and after the Effective Time, the obligations of the Company
under the Bank Credit Agreement and the Indenture. The Trust acknowledges
that (a) under the Bank Credit Agreement the change in beneficial ownership
of the Company resulting from the Merger will constitute an Event of Default
(as defined in the Bank Credit Agreement) and (b) for purposes of the
Indenture, the Merger will constitute a Change of Control (as such term is
defined in Section 3.17 of the Indenture). The Surviving Corporation
shall, after consummation of the Merger, pay, as and when due, all amounts
provided for under the Bank Credit Agreement and the Senior Subordinated Note
Indenture in accordance with their respective terms (including by making a
Change of Control Offer (as defined in Section 3.17 of the Indenture) under
the Indenture, to the extent such offer is required by the
Indenture).  Section 5.11 Amendment of Disclosure Schedules. 
---------------------------------   Each party agrees that, with respect to
the representations and warranties of such party contained in this Agreement,
such party shall have the continuing obligation until the Effective Time to
supplement or amend promptly the Schedules to such party\'s Disclosure
Schedule with respect to any matter hereafter arising or discovered which, if
existing or known at the date of this Agreement, would have been required to
be set forth or described in such party\'s Disclosure Schedule. For all
purposes of this Agreement, including for purposes of determining whether the
conditions set forth in Article 6 have been fulfilled, the Schedules to a
party\'s Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to include only that information
contained therein on the date of this Agreement and shall be deemed to
exclude all information contained in any supplement or amendment thereto, but
if the Effective Time shall occur, then all matters disclosed pursuant to any
such supplement or amendment at or prior to the Effective Time shall be
waived and no party shall be entitled to make a claim thereon pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 38   
ARTICLE 6   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s
Obligation To Effect the Merger. 
----------------------------------------------------------   The respective
obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  
(a) Stockholder Approvals. The Company Stockholder Approval shall 
---------------------  have been obtained to the extent required by the DGCL,
the  Company\'s Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the 
Company\'s by-laws.   (b) HSR Act. The waiting period (and any extension
thereof)  -------  applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have
been  terminated or shall have expired.   (c) No Injunctions or Restraints.
No judgment, decree, statute, law,  ----------------------------  ordinance,
rule, regulation, temporary restraining order,  preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order enacted,  entered, promulgated, enforced or issued
by any court of  competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity or
other  legal restraint or prohibition (collectively, "Restraints") 
preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect;  provided,
however, that each of the parties shall have used all  reasonable best
efforts to prevent the enactment, promulgation,  entry, issuance or
enforcement of any such Restraints and to  appeal as promptly as possible any
such Restraints that may be  entered or issued.  Section 6.2 Conditions to
Obligations of the Trust and Acquisition Sub. 
----------------------------------------------------------   The obligations
of the Trust and Acquisition Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to
satisfaction or waiver (by the Trust) on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) Representations and Warranties. The
representations and  ------------------------------  warranties of the
Company set forth in this Agreement shall be  true and correct (without
regard to any materiality  qualifications or references to material adverse
effect contained  in any specific representation or warranty) as of the date
of  this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and  as of
the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations  and warranties
expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case  as of such date);
provided, however, that this paragraph (a)  shall be deemed satisfied so long
as the failure of all such  representations and warranties to be true and
correct would,  collectively, not result in a material adverse effect on
the  Company, and the Trust shall have received a certificate signed  on
behalf of the Company by its chief executive officer and chief  financial
officer to such effect.   (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The
Company shall  -----------------------------------------  have performed in
all material respects all obligations required  to be performed by it under
this Agreement at or prior to the  Closing Date, and the Trust shall have
received a  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 39    certificate signed
on behalf of the Company by its chief  executive officer and chief financial
officer to such effect.   (c) No Litigation. There shall not be pending or
threatened by any  -------------  Governmental Entity any suit, action or
proceeding (i)  challenging the acquisition by the Trust or Acquisition Sub
of  any shares of capital stock of the Company or the Surviving 
Corporation, seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of  the Merger
or any of the other transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, (ii)
seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership or  operation by the Trust or any
of its subsidiaries of any material  portion of the business or assets of the
Company, or any of its  subsidiaries, or to compel the Trust or any of its
subsidiaries  to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the 
business or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as  a result of
the Merger or any of the other transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,
(iii) seeking to impose  limitations on the ability of the Trust to acquire
or hold, or  exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of capital
stock  of the Company or the Surviving Corporation, or (iv) seeking to 
prohibit the Trust or any of its subsidiaries from effectively  controlling
in any material respect the business or operations of  the Company or its
subsidiaries. In addition there shall not be  any judgment, order, decrees,
statute, law, ordinance, rule or  regulation, enacted, entered, promulgated
or enforced that is  reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in
any of  the consequences referred to in clauses (ii) through (iv) of the 
immediately preceding sentence.  Section 6.3 Conditions to Obligation of the
Company.  ---------------------------------------   The obligation of the
Company to effect the Merger is further subject to satisfaction or waiver (by
the Company) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:  
(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and 
------------------------------  warranties of the Trust set forth in this
Agreement shall be true  and correct (without regard to any materiality
qualifications or  references to material adverse effect contained in any
specific  representation or warranty) as of the Closing Date as though made 
on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such  representations and
warranties expressly relate to an earlier  date (in which case as of such
date); provided, however, that  this paragraph (a) shall be deemed satisfied
so long as the  failure of all such representations and warranties to be true
and  correct would, collectively, not result in a material adverse  effect
on the Trust, and the Company shall have received a  certificate signed on
behalf of the Trust by its trustee to such  effect.   (b) Performance of
Obligations of the Trust. The Trust shall have 
---------------------------------------  performed in all material respects
all obligations required to be  performed by it under this Agreement at or
prior to the Closing  Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate
signed on  behalf of the Trust by its trustee to such effect.   (c)
Commercial Production at Lawton Mill. On or before October 1, 
------------------------------------  2000, the Company or its subsidiary
Republic Paperboard Company  ("RPC") shall have delivered to James Hardie
Gypsum, Inc.  ("Hardie"), the "Commencement Notice"  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER - Page 40    (as such term is defined in Section 3(b) of the
Paperboard Supply  Agreement dated as of May 14, 1998, among RPC, the Company
and  Hardie (the "Hardie Contract")).   ARTICLE 7   TERMINATION,
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  Section 7.1 Termination.  -----------   This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after the Company Stockholder Approval:   (a) by mutual written
consent of the Trust and the Company; or   (b) by either the Trust or the
Company if:   (i) the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before 
January 31, 2001, unless the failure to consummate the  Merger is the result
of a material breach of this  Agreement or a material failure to fulfill any
obligation  under the Agreement by the party seeking to terminate this 
Agreement; provided, however, that the passage of such  period shall be
tolled for any part thereof (but not  exceeding 20 calendar days in the
aggregate) during which  any party shall be subject to a nonfinal order,
decree,  ruling, injunction or action restraining, enjoining or  otherwise
prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or  the calling or holding of the
Company Stockholder Meeting;   (ii) the Company Stockholder Meeting has been
duly convened but  the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been 
obtained at such Company Stockholder Meeting (or any  adjournment
thereof);   (iii) any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, 
decree, ruling or injunction or taken any other action  permanently
enjoining, restraining or otherwise  prohibiting the Merger and such order,
decree, ruling,  injunction or other action shall have become final and 
nonappealable;   (iv) the other party breaches any covenant or other
agreement  contained in this Agreement that (A) would give rise to  the
failure of such party to satisfy any condition set  forth in Section 6.2(a)
or (b) or Section 6.3(a) or (b),  as applicable, and (B) cannot be or has not
been cured  within 45 days after the giving of written notice to the 
breaching party of such breach (a "Material Breach")  (provided that the
terminating party is not then in breach  in any material respect of any
obligation, covenant or  other agreement contained in this Agreement or in
Material  Breach of any representation or warranty contained in this 
Agreement); or  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 41    (c) by the
Company in accordance with Section 4.2(b), provided that it has  complied
with all provisions thereof and that it complies with the  requirements, if
then applicable, of Section 5.7; or   (d) by the Trust if (i) the Board of
Directors of the Company or any  committee thereof shall have failed to
recommend, withdrawn, or  modified in a manner adverse to the Trust, its
approval or  recommendation of this Agreement, the Merger and the other 
transactions contemplated hereby or approved or recommended any  Superior
Proposal, (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company or any  committee
thereof shall have resolved to take any of the foregoing  actions or (iii)
failed to affirm its recommendation of this  Agreement, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated hereby  within three Business Days of a
request to do so by the Trust; or   (e) by the Trust, if the Company shall
have entered into, or publicly  announced its intention to enter into, a
definitive agreement or an  agreement in principle with respect to a Takeover
Proposal or a  Superior Proposal; or   (f) by the Company if (i) the Trust
fails to deliver a copy of the  Commitment to the Company during the 30-day
period specified in  Section 3.2(e) (provided that as of the time of such
termination  pursuant to this clause (f)(i) such failure is continuing); or
(ii) as  of the date of the Company Stockholder Meeting, (A) the Trust has
not  finalized the definitive loan agreements pursuant to which the Trust 
will obtain the funds for the payment in full of the merger  consideration in
accordance with Article 2 (and such loan documents  are not finalized as of
the time of such termination pursuant to this  clause (f)(ii)), and (B) the
Company is not then in breach of any of  its obligations, covenants or
agreements hereunder, which breach has  had or, if continued, is likely to
have a material adverse effect on  the Company; or (iii) not later than 48
hours after the Company\'s  stockholders have approved and adopted this
Agreement, the Merger and  the consummation of the other transactions
contemplated hereby at the  Company Stockholder Meeting, all conditions
(other than consummation  of the Closing) to the Trust obtaining the funds
necessary to pay in  full the merger consideration in accordance with Article
2 have not  been satisfied, provided that as of the time of such termination
(A)  such conditions to obtaining the funds remain unsatisfied, (B) all of 
the conditions to Closing set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 have been 
satisfied (and the officers of the Company specified in Section 6.2(a)  and
(b) are prepared to deliver the certificates required thereby) and  (C) the
Company is not then in breach of any of its obligations,  covenants or
agreements hereunder, which breach has had or, if  continued, is likely to
have a material adverse effect on the Company;  or   (g) by the Company if
the Trust fails to close after the second business  day after (1) all of the
conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2  have been satisfied (and the
officers of the Company specified in  Sections 6.2(a) and (b) are prepared to
deliver the certificates  required thereby), (2) the Company is not then in
breach in any  material respect of any of its obligations, covenants or
agreements  hereunder and (3) the Company gives 2 business days\' prior
written  notice of its satisfaction  AGREEMENT OF PLAN MERGER - Page
42    of all obligations under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 and the waiver by  the
Company of any obligations of the Trust not satisfied under  Section 6.3;
or   (h) by the Trust if the Company fails to close after the second 
business day after (1) all of the conditions set forth in  Sections 6.1 and
6.3 have been satisfied (and the officers of the  Trust specified in Sections
6.3(a) and (b) are prepared to  deliver the certificates required thereby),
(2) the Trust is not  then in breach in any material respect of any of its
obligations,  covenants or agreements hereunder and (3) the Trust gives 2 
business days\' prior written notice of its satisfaction of all  obligations
under Sections 6.1 and 6.3 and the waiver by the  Trust of any obligations of
the Company not satisfied under  Section 6.2; or   (i) by the Trust at any
time after October 1, 2000 if the  "Commencement Notice" (as such term is
defined in Section 3(b) of  Hardie Contract) was not given in accordance with
the Hardie  Contract on or before October 1, 2000.  Section 7.2 Effect of
Termination.  ---------------------   (a) Upon termination of this
Agreement by either the Company or the  Trust as provided in Section 7.1,
this Agreement shall forthwith  become void and have no effect, without any
liability or  obligation on the part of the Trust, Acquisition Sub or the 
Company, other than the provisions of Section 3.1(p), Section  3.2(d), the
last sentence of Section 5.2, Section 5.7, this  Section 7.2 and Article
8.   (b) The Trust and Acquisition Sub agree that if this Agreement is 
terminated by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 
7.1(b)(iv), Section 7.1(f) or Section 7.1(g), the Trust shall be  obligated
to pay to the Company $12,000,000 as liquidated  damages, which payment (i)
shall be funded by the Company drawing  such amount under the Letter of
Credit, (ii) shall constitute the  exclusive remedy available to the Company
at law or in equity in  respect of any such termination by the Company or any
breach of  this Agreement by the Trust or Acquisition Sub, and (iii) shall 
constitute payment for all claims, damages, out-of-pocket  expenses and fees
arising out of or incurred by the Company in  connection with this
transaction. The Letter of Credit furnished  to the Company by the Trust
concurrently with the execution of  this Agreement shall constitute the
source for funding the  $12,000,000 payment required from the Trust pursuant
to this  Section 7.2(b).  Section 7.3 Amendment.  ---------   This
Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after the
Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that after any
such approval, there shall not be made any amendment which by law requires
further approval by the stockholders of the Company without the further
approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.  AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 43   Section 7.4 Extension; Waiver. 
-----------------   At any time prior to the Effective Time, a party may (a)
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of the other parties contained in this Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso
of Section 7.3, waive compliance by the other parties with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set
forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure
of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this
Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.   
ARTICLE 8   GENERAL PROVISIONS  Section 8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations
and Warranties.  ---------------------------------------------   None of
the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties that by
its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.  Section 8.2
Notices.  -------   All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given if delivered personally, telecopied (which is confirmed), sent by
overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) or mailed by registered or
certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the parties at
the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):   (a) if to the Trust or Acquisition Sub, to  
Premier Construction Products Statutory Trust  c/o First Union National Bank,
as trustee  10 State House Square  Hartford, CT 06103  Fax: (860)
247-1356  Attention: W. Jeffrey Kramer  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page
44    with a copy to:   Premier Construction Products Acquisition Corp. 
220 Jackson Street  San Francisco, California 94111  Fax: 415-986-5511 
Attention: General Counsel   and   Andrews and Kurth L.L.P.  4200 Chase
Tower  Houston, Texas 77002  Fax: (713) 220-4285  Attention: G. Michael
O\'Leary   if to the Company, to   Republic Group Incorporated  811 East
30th Avenue  Hutchinson, Kansas 67502  Fax: (316) 727-2727  Attention:
Doyle R. Ramsey   with a copy to:   Locke Liddell and Sapp LLP  2200 Ross
Avenue, Suite 2200  Dallas, Texas 75201  Attention: Bryan E. Bishop  Fax:
214-740-8800  Except as provided below, all such notices, requests and other
communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the
recipient thereof if actually received prior to 5 p.m. in the place of
receipt and such day is a business day in the place or receipt. Otherwise,
any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed not to have been
received until the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt. Any
notice given exclusively by registered or certified mail as provided above
shall be deemed received on the fifth business day.  Section 8.3
Definitions.  -----------   For purposes of this Agreement:   (a)
"affiliate" of any person means another person that directly or  indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is  controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first  person;  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER -
Page 45    (b) "Bank Credit Agreement" means that certain Credit Agreement
dated  as of July 15, 1998 among the Company, the banks party thereto,  and
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, as amended;   (c) "Filed SEC
Documents" means SEC Documents filed by the Company  pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;   (d) "Indenture" means that
certain Indenture dated as of July 15,  1998 between the Company and UMB
Bank, N.A., as Trustee;   (e) "material adverse effect" means, when used in
connection with a  party to this Agreement, any change, effect, event or
occurrence  that (i) is or would reasonably be expected to be materially 
adverse to the assets, business, condition (financial or  otherwise) or
results of operations of such party and its  subsidiaries taken as a whole;
(ii) impairs, or would reasonably  be expected to impair, the ability of such
party to perform its  obligations under this Agreement in any material
respect or (iii)  prevents or materially delays, or would reasonably be
expected to  prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   (f) "person" means an
individual, corporation, limited liability  company, partnership, joint
venture, association, trust,  unincorporated organization or other
entity;   (g) "subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of
the  voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership 
interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of  its Board
of Directors or other governing body (or, if there are  no such voting
interests, 50% or more of the equity interests,  the holders of which are
generally entitled to vote for the  election of the board of directors or
other governing body) is  owned directly or indirectly by such first
person;   (h) "significant subsidiary" of any person means any subsidiary
of  such person that constitutes a significant subsidiary within the 
meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC;   (i)
"Takeover Proposal" has the meaning assigned thereto in Section  4.2(a);  
(j) "Superior Proposal" has the meaning assigned thereto in Section  4.2(b);
and   (k) "Taxes" has the meaning assigned thereto in Section
3.1(m)(iii).  Section 8.4 Interpretation.  --------------   When a
reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or
Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of, or an
Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement, respectively, unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or
"including" are  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 46   used in this
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation." The words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words
of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All terms
defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless
otherwise defined herein. All monetary sums herein are in United States of
America dollars. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable
to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the
masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement,
instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and
(in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and
references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.
References to a person are also to its permitted successors and
assigns.  Section 8.5 Counterparts.  ------------   This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered (including
by facsimile transmission) to the other parties.  Section 8.6 Entire
Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. 
-----------------------------------------------   This Agreement (including
the documents and instruments referred to herein), the Stockholders
Agreements and the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the entire
agreement, and supersede all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements and understandings, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of Article
2 and Section 5.6, are not intended to confer upon any person other than the
parties any rights or remedies.  Section 8.7 Governing Law. 
-------------   This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws
thereof.  Section 8.8 Jurisdiction.  ------------   Any suit, action or
proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter
arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be brought in any federal court located in the
State of Delaware or any Delaware state court, and each of the parties hereby
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate
appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any
such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in
an  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 47   inconvenient forum. Process
in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in
the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.
Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on
such party as provided in Section 8.2 shall be deemed effective service of
process on such party.  Section 8.9 Waiver of Jury Trial. 
--------------------   EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  Section
8.10 Assignment.  ----------   Neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by a party without the
prior written consent of each other party, except that either the Trust or
Acquisition Sub may transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time in
part, to one or more of its affiliates, the right to enter into the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, but no such transfer or
assignment will relieve the Trust or Acquisition Sub of its
obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto
agree that (i) the Surviving Corporation shall, and the Trust shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, assign the obligations of the Trust or the
Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, under Sections 5.4 and 5.6 to any
person who acquires all or substantially all of the assets of the Surviving
Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation shall cause, and the Trust shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to cause, such person to assume the
obligations of the Surviving Corporation, and any such assignment and
assumption shall relieve the Trust and Surviving Corporation of their
obligations under Sections 5.4 and 5.6, or (ii) if the Surviving Corporation
sells or otherwise disposes of substantially all of its assets in a manner or
manners such that no person acquires all or substantially all of such assets,
then the Surviving Corporation shall, and the Trust shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, make such provisions for the obligations of the Trust and the
Surviving Corporation under Sections 5.4 and 5.6 as the Surviving Corporation
and a majority of the persons presently serving as the Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President-Finance (or, if any such
person is unavailable due to illness or death, a majority of the specified
persons then available) determine to be appropriate, and upon making such
provisions the Trust and the Surviving shall be relieved of their obligations
under Sections 5.4 and 5.6. Any assignment in violation of the first sentence
of this Section 8.10 shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and
assigns.  Section 8.11 Disclosure Schedules.  --------------------  
Matters reflected on the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Trust Disclosure
Schedule are not necessarily limited to matters required by this Agreement to
be reflected therein and the inclusion of such matters shall not be deemed an
admission that such matters were required to be reflected on the Company
Disclosure Schedule or the Trust Disclosure Schedule,  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
MERGER - Page 48   as the case may be. Such additional matters are set
forth for informational purposes only and do not necessarily include other
matters of a similar nature.  Section 8.12 Severability.  ------------  
If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any
person or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, void or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions hereof, or
the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than
those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or
invalidated thereby. Upon any such determination, the parties shall negotiate
in good faith in an effort to agree upon a mutually acceptable, suitable and
equitable substitute provision to effect the original intent of the
parties.  Section 8.13 Payments Constitute Liquidated Damages. 
--------------------------------------   The parties agree that the dollar
amounts provided in Sections 5.7(b) and 7.2(b) payable upon the occurrence of
the events specified therein have been determined by negotiation and reflect
their best estimate and judgement of the monetary value of the losses and
damages to be incurred in connection with, and the time, effort, expense and
cost of opportunity associated with, the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement, and the parties agree to accept payment of such amount as
liquidated damages in full and complete satisfaction of all claims and
expenses arising from the occurrence of such events (including, but not
limited to, claims for specific performance).  Section 8.14 Enforcement. 
-----------   The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur and that
the parties would not have any adequate remedy at law if any of the
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of
this Agreement in any Federal court located in the State of Delaware or in
Delaware state court, the foregoing being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity.  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
- Page 49    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust, Acquisition Sub and the Company
have caused this Agreement to be signed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above.  
PREMIER CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS  STATUTORY TRUST   By: First Union National
Bank, as Trustee    By: /s/ W. Jeffrey Kramer 
---------------------------  W. Jeffrey Kramer  Vice President    
PREMIER CONSTRUCTION PRODUCTS  ACQUISITION CORP.    By: /s/ Douglas H.
Wolf  --------------------------------  Douglas H. Wolf  President    
REPUBLIC GROUP INCORPORATED    By: /s/ Phil Simpson 
--------------------------------  Phil Simpson  Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER - Page 50   
INDEX  TO  DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES  TO  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AMONG
PREMIER CONSTRUCTION  PRODUCTS STATUTORY TRUST, PREMIER CONSTRUCTION
PRODUCTS  ACQUISITION CORP. AND REPUBLIC GROUP INCORPORATED   3.1(a)
Organization, Standing, and Corporate Power 3.1(b) Subsidiaries 3.1(c)
Capital Structure 3.1(d) Authority; Non-contravention 3.1(g) Undisclosed
Material Liabilities 3.1(i) Absence of Certain Changes or Events 3.1(j)
Litigation 3.1(k) Changes in Benefit Plans 3.1(l) ERISA Compliance 3.1(m)
Taxes 3.1(r) Licenses and Permits 3.1(s) Default 3.1(t) Environmental Laws
and Regulations 3.1(u) Agreements 3.1(v) Intellectual Property 3.1(w) Labor
Matters 3.1(x) Assets Other than Real Property Interests 3.1(y) Real
Property 3.1(z) Insurance 3.1(aa) Transaction with Affiliates 4.1 Conduct
of Business   '

