 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    1  Exhibit
2.1    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
(this "Agreement"), dated as of July 14, 2000, among Cephalon, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), C Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and Anesta Corp., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company").   RECITALS   A. Parent and the
Company each have determined that a business combination between Parent and
the Company is in the best interests of their respective companies and
stockholders, and accordingly have agreed to effect the merger provided for
herein upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.   B.
The respective Boards of Directors of Parent and Merger Sub, and
Parent, acting as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, have approved the
merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger"), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.   C. The Board
of Directors of the Company has (i) unanimously approved the Merger upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (ii)
determined to recommend that the stockholders of the Company adopt
and approve this Agreement and approve the Merger.   D. It is intended
that, for federal income tax purposes, the Merger shall qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code (as defined
in Section 3.10) and that this Agreement shall be, and hereby is, adopted as
a plan of reorganization for purposes of Section 368 of the Code.   E. The
parties intend to cause the Merger to be accounted for as a pooling of
interests under generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").   F.
Merger Sub is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and has been formed solely
to facilitate the Merger and has conducted and will conduct no business or
activity other than in connection with the Merger.   NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing, and of the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:   ARTICLE 1   THE MERGER   1.1 The Merger. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.3), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company in
accordance with this Agreement, and the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall thereupon cease. The Company shall be the surviving
corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation") and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. The
Merger shall have the effects specified in the Delaware General
Corporation Law ("DGCL").   1.2 The Closing. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall
take place (a) at the offices of Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP, 1701 Market
Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as promptly as practicable, but no later
than two (2) business days, following the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article 6 (other than conditions which by their
nature are to be satisfied at Closing, but subject to those conditions), or
(b) at such other time, date or place as Parent and the Company may agree.
The date on which the Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the
"Closing Date."   1.3 Effective Time. If all the conditions set forth in
Article 6 shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith and this
Agreement shall not have been terminated as provided in Article 7, the
parties   1   2  hereto shall cause a Certificate of Merger meeting the
requirements of Section 251 of the DGCL (the "Certificate of Merger") to be
properly executed and filed in accordance with such Section on the Closing
Date. The Merger shall become effective at the time of filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the DGCL or at such later time which the parties hereto shall
have agreed upon and designated in such filings as the effective time of the
Merger (the "Effective Time").   1.4 The Charter and Bylaws.   (a) The
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation  shall be amended
and restated in its entirety in the form of the  Certificate of Incorporation
of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to  the Effective Time until duly
amended as provided therein or by applicable  law, except that, as of the
Effective Time, Article I of such Certificate  of Incorporation shall be
amended to read as follows: "The name of the  Corporation is Anesta
Corp."   (b) The Bylaws of Merger Sub in effect at the Effective Time shall
be  the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended as 
provided therein or by applicable law.   1.5 Directors of the Surviving
Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation as of the Effective
Time and until their successors are duly appointed or elected in accordance
with applicable law.   1.6 Officers of the Surviving Corporation. The
officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation as of the Effective Time and until
their successors are duly appointed or elected in accordance with applicable
law.   ARTICLE 2   CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES   2.1 Merger
Sub Stock. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock of Merger Sub
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation. Each certificate evidencing
ownership of shares of Merger Sub common stock shall continue to evidence
ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.  
2.2 Company Stock.   (a) Subject to Section 2.3(e), at the Effective Time,
each outstanding  share of common stock of the Company, par value $.001 per
share (the  "Company Common Stock"), other than any shares of Company common
stock to  be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.2(c) below shall, by virtue of
the  Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be 
cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to 
receive 0.4765 shares of common stock of the Parent, par value $.01 per 
share (the "Parent Common Stock") (such ratio, as adjusted pursuant to 
Section 2.4 below, being defined herein as the "Exchange Ratio").   (b) As a
result of the Merger and without any action on the part of  the holder
thereof, at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common  Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to be 
outstanding and shall cease to exist, and each holder of shares of Company 
Common Stock shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to such 
shares of Company Common Stock, except the right to receive, without 
interest, the consideration contemplated by Section 2.2(a) and cash in lieu 
of fractional shares in accordance with Sections 2.3(c) and 2.3(e) upon the 
surrender of a certificate (a "Certificate") representing such shares of 
Company Common Stock.   (c) Each share of Company Common Stock held in the
Company\'s treasury  at the Effective Time, and each share of Company Common
Stock that is owned  by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (as defined in
Section 4.1) at the  Effective Time, shall, by virtue of the Merger, cease to
be outstanding and  shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist
without payment of  any consideration thereof.  2    3   (d) As of the
Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase  capital stock of the
Company (the "Company Options"), whether or not  exercisable and whether or
not vested, under any plan or arrangement of the  Company providing for the
grant of options to purchase shares of Company  Common Stock (collectively,
the "Company Stock Option Plans"), shall be  converted into an option to
purchase Parent Common Stock. Each Company  Option so converted shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions as  under the applicable Company
Stock Option Plan immediately prior to the  Effective Time and the applicable
grant instrument issued thereunder  (including, without limitation, any
repurchase rights or vesting  provisions), except that (A) each such Company
Option shall be exercisable  (or will become exercisable in accordance with
its terms) for that number  and whole shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded
down to the nearest whole  share) equal to the product of the number of
shares of Company Common Stock  that were issuable upon exercise of such
Company Option immediately prior  to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio, (B) the exercise  price per share of Parent Common Stock
shall be an amount equal to the  quotient determined by dividing the exercise
price per share of Company  Common Stock subject to such Company Option in
effect immediately prior to  the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio (the
exercise price per share, as  so determined, being rounded up to the nearest
tenth of a cent), and (C)  the vesting of certain Company Options as set
forth on Section 3.25 of the  Company Disclosure Schedule (as defined below)
will be accelerated or  become subject to subsequent acceleration pursuant to
the terms of such  Company Options as a result of the Merger, so long as such
acceleration  does not adversely affect Parent\'s ability to account for the
Merger in  accordance with the pooling of interests method of accounting
under the  requirements of APB No. 16.   (e) It is the intention of the
parties that the Company Options  converted by Parent qualify following the
Effective Time as incentive stock  options as defined in Section 422 of the
Code to the extent permitted under  Section 422 of the Code and to the extent
the Company Options qualified as  incentive stock options prior to the
Effective Time.   (f) Parent shall, as soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, but  in no event later than 30 days after the Effective Time,
file a  registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933
(the  "Securities Act"), covering the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
upon  the exercise of the Company Options converted under Section 2.2(d),
and  will maintain the effectiveness of such registration, and the current 
status of the prospectus contained therein, until the exercise or  expiration
of such converted Company Options.   2.3 Exchange of Certificates
Representing Company Common Stock.   (a) As of the Effective Time, Parent
shall deposit, or shall cause to  be deposited, with a banking or other
financial institution mutually  acceptable to Parent and the Company (the
"Exchange Agent"), for the  benefit of the holders of shares of Company
Common Stock, for exchange in  accordance with this Article 2, certificates
representing the shares of  Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the Merger and cash in  an amount equal to Parent\'s good faith estimate
of the cash required to be  paid to holders of shares of Company Common Stock
in lieu of fractional  shares expected to be payable in connection with the
Merger (such cash and  certificates for shares of Parent Common Stock,
together with any dividends  or distributions with respect thereto (relating
to record dates for such  dividends or distributions after the Effective
Time), being hereinafter  referred to as the "Exchange Fund") to be issued
pursuant to Section 2.2  and paid pursuant to this Section 2.3 in exchange
for outstanding shares of  Company Common Stock.   (b) Promptly after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange  Agent to mail to each holder
of record of shares of Company Common Stock  (i) a letter of transmittal
specifying that delivery shall be effected, and  risk of loss and title to
such shares of Company Common Stock shall pass,  only upon delivery of the
Certificates representing such shares to the  Exchange Agent and which letter
shall be in such form and have such other  provisions as Parent may
reasonably specify and (ii) instructions for use  in effecting the surrender
of Certificates in exchange for the  consideration contemplated by Section
2.2 and this Section 2.3, including  cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon
surrender of a Certificate for  cancellation to the Exchange Agent together
with such letter of  transmittal, duly executed and completed   3   4  
in accordance with the instructions thereto, the holder of the shares 
represented by such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange 
therefor (x) a certificate representing that number of whole shares of 
Parent Common Stock and (y) a check representing the amount of cash in lieu 
of fractional shares, if any, and unpaid dividends and distributions, if 
any, that such holder has the right to receive in respect of the  Certificate
surrendered pursuant to the provisions of this Article 2, after  giving
effect to any required withholding tax, and the shares represented  by the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. No interest  will be
paid or accrued on the cash payable to holders of shares of Company  Common
Stock. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common  Stock that
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, a  certificate
representing the proper number of shares of Parent Common  Stock, together
with a check for the cash to be paid pursuant to Section  2.3(b)(y) may be
issued to such a transferee if the Certificate  representing such Company
Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent,  accompanied by all
documents required to evidence and effect such transfer  and to evidence that
any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.   (c) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement, no  dividends or other distributions
declared after the Effective Time on  Parent Common Stock shall be paid with
respect to any shares of Company  Common Stock represented by a Certificate
until such Certificate is  surrendered for exchange as provided herein.
Following surrender of any  such Certificate, there shall be paid to the
holder of the certificates  representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange  therefor, without interest, (i) at the time of such
surrender, the amount  of dividends or other distributions with a record date
after the Effective  Time theretofore payable with respect to such whole
shares of Parent Common  Stock and not paid, less the amount of any
withholding taxes which may be  required thereon, and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date, the amount of  dividends or other distributions with a record
date after the Effective  Time but prior to surrender and a payment date
subsequent to surrender  payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent
Common Stock, less the  amount of any withholding taxes which may be required
thereon.   (d) At or after the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers
on the  stock transfer books of the Company of the shares of Company Common
Stock  which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after  the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving 
Corporation, they shall be canceled and exchanged for certificates for 
shares of Parent Common Stock and cash deliverable in respect thereof 
pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
this Article 2. Certificates surrendered for exchange by any Affiliate (as 
defined in Section 5.9 hereof), shall not be exchanged until Parent has 
received a written agreement from such person as provided in Section 5.9.  
(e) No fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued  pursuant
hereto. In lieu of the issuance of any fractional share of Parent  Common
Stock, cash adjustments will be paid to holders in respect of any  fractional
share of Parent Common Stock that would otherwise be issuable,  and the
amount of such cash adjustment shall be equal to the product  obtained by
multiplying such stockholder\'s fractional share of Parent  Common Stock that
would otherwise be issuable by the average closing price  per share of Parent
Common Stock for the ten-day period ending two days  before the Closing Date
as reported by The Wall Street Journal (or, if not  reported thereby, any
other authoritative source).   (f) Any portion of the Exchange Fund
(including the proceeds of any  investments thereof and any shares of Parent
Common Stock) that remains  unclaimed by the former stockholders of the
Company one year after the  Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent. Any
former stockholders of the  Company who have not theretofore complied with
this Article 2 shall  thereafter look only to Parent, and Parent shall comply
with such requests,  made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for
payment of their  shares of Parent Common Stock, cash and unpaid dividends
and distributions  on Parent Common Stock deliverable in respect of each
share of Company  Common Stock such stockholder holds as determined pursuant
to this  Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon.   (g) None
of Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the  Exchange Agent or any
other person shall be liable (except to the extent  provided by applicable
law) to any former holder of shares of   4    5   Company Common Stock
for any amount properly delivered to a public official  pursuant to
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.   (h) In the event
any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or  destroyed, upon the making
of an affidavit of that fact by the person  claiming such Certificate to be
lost, stolen or destroyed and the posting  by such person of a bond in such
amount as the Surviving Corporation may  reasonably request as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against  it with respect to such
Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in  exchange for such lost, stolen
or destroyed Certificate the shares of  Parent Common Stock and cash
deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to  this Agreement.   2.4
Adjustment of Exchange Ratio. In the event that, subsequent to the date of
this Agreement but prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of
Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock, respectively, shall have
been changed into a different number of shares or a different class as a
result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, combination, exchange, recapitalization or other similar
transaction (or a record date shall have been set for such purpose), the
Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted.   ARTICLE 3  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedule delivered prior to the execution hereof to Parent (the
"Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and warrants to Parent
as of the date of this Agreement as follows:   3.1 Existence; Good Standing;
Corporate Authority. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Company is duly
licensed or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good
standing under the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the character of
the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its
business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be
so qualified or to be in good standing would not result in a Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.14 hereof). The Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and carry on its business as now conducted, or as described in the
Company Reports, as reasonably contemplated in the future. The Company has no
Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.14) other than those Subsidiaries set
forth in Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the
"Company Subsidiaries"). Each of the Company Subsidiaries is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing, under the laws of
the jurisdictions in which such companies are incorporated. Neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is in violation of any order of
any court, governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal, or any
law, ordinance, governmental rule or regulation to which the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets
is subject, other than any violations that would not result in a Company
Material Adverse Effect.   3.2 Authorization, Validity and Effect of
Agreements. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and all other agreements and documents to
which it is a party contemplated hereby and to perform its obligations
hereunder. Subject only to the approval of this Agreement and the Merger by
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock,
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of the Company (the
"Company Board") and duly authorized by all requisite corporate action. This
Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws relating to
creditors\' rights and general principles of equity.   3.3 Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 35,000,000 shares of
Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock of the Company
(the "Company Preferred Stock"). As of July 12, 2000, there were 13,417,034
shares of Company Common Stock and no shares of   5    6  Company
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Since such date, no shares of capital
stock of Company have been issued, except shares of Company Common
Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of options outstanding under the
Company Stock Option Plans. As of July 12, 2000, options to acquire 1,905,833
shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding pursuant to the terms of the
Company Stock Option Plans. The Company has no outstanding bonds, debentures,
notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or
which are convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to
vote) on any matter with respect to such securities. All issued and
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, and were
issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws,
rules and regulations. Other than as set forth above, there were not, as of
July 12, 2000, any existing options, warrants, calls, subscriptions,
convertible securities, or other rights, agreements or commitments that
obligate the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or
sell any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries or entitle any third party to receive any capital stock of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries. Section 3.3 of the Company\'s
Disclosure Schedule lists all Company Options outstanding as of July 12,
2000, and for each such Company Option the vesting schedule through July 11,
2001. There are no voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to
which the Company is a party, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, to which
any stockholder of the Company is a party, with respect to the voting of
capital stock of the Company. The issuance of the Option Shares upon exercise
of the Company Option has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate and
stockholder action and, upon exercise of the Company Option, the Option
Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Company Common Stock.   3.4 Subsidiaries. The Company owns directly or
indirectly each of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each of the
Company Subsidiaries. Each of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each
of the Company Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, and is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company free
and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, claims or other
encumbrances. Other than the Company Subsidiaries, neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary owns any equity interest in any person.   3.5 No
Violation. Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this
Agreement, nor the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby in accordance with the terms of
such agreements will: (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any
provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company;
(ii) result in a breach or violation of, or a default under, any existing
Company Employee Plans, or any grant or award made under any of the
foregoing; or (iii) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any
provision of, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination
or in a right of termination or cancellation of, accelerate the performance
required by, result in the triggering of any payment or other material
obligations pursuant to, result in the creation of any lien, security
interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the material properties of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries under, or result in being declared
void, voidable, or without further binding effect, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of
trust or any license, franchise, permit, lease, contract, agreement or other
instrument, binding commitment or obligation to which the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries is a party, or by which the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or to the
knowledge of the Company affected, except for any of the foregoing matters
which would not (a) result in a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (b)
impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, or (c) prevent or materially delay the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
or (iv) other than (a) filings by the Company required under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act"), (b) the filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of a proxy statement
relating to the approval by the Company\'s stockholders of this Agreement and
such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"),
as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (c) the filing of the Certificate of Merger
with the Delaware Secretary of State and (d) the filings and notifications
required by the rules of the Nasdaq National Market, required by or with
respect to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the
consummation by the   6    7  Company of the Merger, any consent,
approval or authorization of, or declaration, filing or registration with,
any domestic governmental or regulatory authority, other than consents,
approvals, authorizations, declarations or filings or registration which, if
not obtained or made, would not (a) result in a Company Material Adverse
Effect, (b) impair in any material respect the ability of the Company to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, or (c) prevent or materially
delay the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.   3.6 SEC Documents; Undisclosed Matters.   (a) The Company has
filed all required forms, reports, schedules,  statements and other documents
(including exhibits and other information  incorporated therein) with the SEC
since January 1, 1997 (collectively, the  "Company Reports"). As of the
respective dates they were filed, or, if  amended, as of the date of the
filing of the last such amendment, each  Company Report, (i) complied as to
form in all material respects with the  applicable requirements of the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the  rules and regulations thereunder
applicable to such Company Reports and  (ii) at the time they were filed did
not contain any untrue statement of a  material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in the light of  the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. Each of the  consolidated balance sheets included
in or incorporated by reference into  the Company Reports (including the
related notes and schedules) fairly  presents in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of  the Company and each of the Company
Subsidiaries as of its date, and each  of the consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders\' equity and cash  flows included in or incorporated
by reference into the Company Reports  (including any related notes and
schedules) fairly presents in all material  respects the financial position,
results of operations and cash flows, as  the case may be, of the Company and
each of the Company Subsidiaries for  the periods set forth therein (subject,
in the case of unaudited  statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments
which would not be  material in amount or effect, and the absence of
footnotes), in each case  (x) in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
during the periods  involved, except as may be noted therein and (y) in
compliance as to form  in all material respects with the published rules and
regulations of the  SEC with respect thereto as of the date they were filed
or, if amended, as  of the date of the filing of the last such amendment.  
(b) Except (i) as set forth in the Company Reports (including the  financial
statements and notes thereto contained therein), (ii) for  liabilities set
forth in this Agreement, (iii) for liabilities described in  Section 3.6 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule or incurred in the ordinary  course of
business consistent with past practice, neither the Company nor  any of the
Company Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any  nature
(whether accrued, absolute or contingent or otherwise) which,  individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Company Material Adverse  Effect.   3.7
Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Company Reports, there are no actions,
suits or proceedings pending against the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries that, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any
judgment, decree, injunction, rule, order, action, demand, or requirement of
any governmental entity or other regulatory body or arbitrator outstanding
against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any investigation by any
governmental entity or other regulatory body involving the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries that individually or in the aggregate would have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.   3.8 Compliance with Laws.   (a) Each of
the Company and the Company Subsidiaries is in compliance  with all statutes,
laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, judgments, orders  and decrees of any
governmental entity or regulatory entity (other than  Environmental Laws)
(collectively, "Legal Provisions") applicable to its  business or operations,
except for instances of noncompliance that  individually or in the aggregate
would not have a Company Material Adverse  Effect. Each of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries has in effect all  approvals, authorizations,
certificates, filings, franchises, licenses,  notices, permits and rights of
or with   7    8   all governmental and regulatory entities, including
all authorizations  under Environmental Laws ("Permits"), necessary for it to
own, lease or  operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business
and  operations as now conducted, except for the failure to have such
Permits  that individually or in the aggregate would not have a Company
Material  Adverse Effect. There has occurred no default under, or violation
of, any  such Permit, except for defaults under, or violations of, Permits
that  individually or in the aggregate would not have a Company Material
Adverse  Effect. The Merger, in and of itself, would not cause the revocation
or  cancellation of any such Permit that individually or in the aggregate
would  have a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (b) Except for those
matters that individually or in the aggregate  would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect: (A) each of the Company  and the Company
Subsidiaries is, and has been, in compliance with all  applicable
Environmental Laws; (B) during the period of ownership or  operation by the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries of any of its  currently or previously
owned, leased or operated properties, no Hazardous  Material has been treated
or disposed of, and there have been no Releases  or threatened Releases of
Hazardous Material at, in, on, under or affecting  such properties or any
contiguous site by the Company or the Company  Subsidiaries, or, to the
knowledge of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries, by any other person
or entity; (C) prior to the period of  ownership or operation by the Company
or the Company Subsidiaries of any of  its currently or previously owned,
leased or operated properties, to the  knowledge of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, no Hazardous  Material was treated, stored, or disposed
of, and there were no Releases of  Hazardous Material at, in, on, under or
affecting any such property or any  contiguous site; and (D) neither the
Company nor the Company Subsidiaries  have received any written notice of, or
entered into or assumed by  contract, judicial or administrative settlement,
or operation of law any  indemnification obligation, order, settlement or
decree relating to: (1)  any violation of any Environmental Laws or the
institution or pendency of  any suit, action, claim, proceeding or
investigation by any governmental  entity, regulatory entity or any third
party in connection with any alleged  violation of Environmental Laws or any
Release of Hazardous Materials, (2)  the response to or remediation of
Hazardous Material at or arising from any  of the Company\'s or its
Subsidiaries\' activities or properties or any other  properties or (3)
payment for any response action relating to or  remediation of Hazardous
Material at or arising from any of the Company\'s  or the Company
Subsidiaries\' properties, activities, or any other  properties.   The term
"Environmental Laws" means all applicable laws, statutes, treaties, rules,
codes, ordinances, regulations, certificates, orders, directives,
interpretations, licenses, permits, and other authorizations of
any governmental entity or regulatory entity and judgments, decrees,
injunctions, writs, orders or like action of any court, arbitrator or other
administrative, judicial or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent
jurisdiction, including any thereof of the European Community or the European
Union having the force of law and being applicable to the Company, dealing
with the protection of health, welfare or the environment, and any
provincial, municipal, water board or other local statute, law, rule,
regulation or ordinance relating to public or employee health, safety or
environment; including all laws relating to Releases to air, water, land or
groundwater, relating to the withdrawal or use of groundwater, and relating
to the use, handling, transportation, manufacturing, introduction into the
stream of commerce, or disposal of Hazardous Materials.   The term
"Hazardous Materials" means any chemical, material, liquid, gas, substance,
or waste, whether naturally occurring or man-made, that is prohibited,
limited, or regulated by or pursuant to an Environmental Law.   The term
"Release" means spilling, leaking, discharging, injecting, emitting, and or
disposing and placement of a Hazardous Material in any location that poses a
threat thereof.   3.9 Absence of Certain Changes. Other than as set forth in
the Company Reports (i) since December 31, 1999 the Company has conducted its
business only in the ordinary course of such business, (ii) from December 31,
1999 to the date of this Agreement there has not been any Company Material
Adverse Effect, and (iii) since December 31, 1999, there has not been any
material change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, except as
required under GAAP or applicable law.   8    9   3.10 Taxes and Tax
Returns.   (a) As used in this Agreement:   "Code" means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. All  citations to provisions of the Code,
or to the Treasury Regulations  promulgated thereunder, shall include any
amendments thereto and any  substitute or successor provisions thereto.  
"Taxes" means (i) any and all federal, state, local and foreign  taxes,
assessments, deficiencies, fees and other governmental charges,  including,
without limitation, taxes based upon or measured by gross  receipts, income,
profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added,  ad valorem, transfer,
gains, franchise, withholding, payroll,  employment, excise, unemployment,
premium, social security, occupation,  stamp, and property taxes, together
with all interest, penalties and  additions to tax imposed with respect to
such amounts, and (ii) any  obligations under any agreements or arrangements
with respect to any  amounts described in clause (i) above.   "Tax Return"
means any report, return, declaration, statement or  other form or document
filed or required to be filed with any federal,  state, local or foreign
taxing authority in connection with any Taxes.   (b) All Tax Returns
required to be filed by or with respect to the  Company and each of the
Company Subsidiaries have been timely filed and all  such Tax Returns are
true, correct and complete in all material respects.  The Company and each of
the Company Subsidiaries have (i) timely paid or  caused to be timely paid
all material Taxes of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries due, whether
or not shown (or required to be shown) on a Tax  Return and (ii) provided a
sufficient reserve (without regard to deferred  Tax assets and liabilities)
for the payment of all material Taxes of the  Company and the Company
Subsidiaries not yet due and payable on the  financial statements included in
the Company Reports.   (c) The Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries
have complied in  all material respects with the provisions of the Code
relating to the  withholding and payment of Taxes, including, without
limitation, the  withholding and reporting requirements under Code sections
1441 through  1464, 3401 through 3406, and 6041 through 6049, as well as
similar  provisions under any other federal, state, local or foreign laws,
and have,  within the time and in the manner prescribed by law, withheld from
employee  wages and paid over to the proper governmental authorities all
material  amounts required to be withheld and paid over.   (d) Neither the
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has  received notice that any of
the Tax Returns of the Company or any of the  Company Subsidiaries is
currently being examined by the Internal Revenue  Service ("IRS") or relevant
state, local or foreign taxing authorities, and  there are no administrative
or court proceedings relating to any material  Taxes of either the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries in progress  or, to the Company\'s knowledge,
pending.   (e) Except for liens for Taxes that are not yet due and payable,
there  are no liens for any material Tax upon any asset of the Company or any
of  the Company Subsidiaries.   (f) Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries is, or has  been, a party to any agreement (other than
this Agreement) (i) relating to  allocating or sharing the payment of, or
liability for, Taxes, (ii)  affording any other person the benefit of any net
operating loss, net  capital loss, investment tax credit, foreign tax credit,
charitable  deduction or other credit or Tax attribute which could reduce
Taxes  (including, without limitation, deductions and credits related to 
alternative minimum Taxes) of Company or any Company Subsidiary, or (iii) 
requiring or permitting the transfer or assignment of income, revenues, 
receipts or gains to Company or any Company Subsidiary, from any other 
person.   (g) True and complete copies of all federal, state, local and
foreign  Tax Returns of the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries for
taxable  years beginning on or after January 1, 1992 have been made available
to  Parent prior to the date hereof to the extent reasonably requested by 
Parent.   9    10   (h) No extension of time with respect to any date
on which a Tax  Return was or is to be filed by the Company or any of the
Company  Subsidiaries is in force, and no waiver or agreement by the Company
or any  of the Company Subsidiaries is in force for the extension of time for
the  assessment or payment of any Taxes; and there are no pending requests
for  waivers or extensions of time for the assessment or payment of any
Taxes  with respect to Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.   (i)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has been a  member of
an (i) affiliated group (within the meaning of Section 1504 of  the Code) or
(ii) affiliated, combined, consolidated, unitary, or similar  group for
state, local or foreign Tax purposes, other than the group of  which the
Company is the common parent.   (j) Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has any  liability under Treas. Regs. Section 1.1502-6,
or any similar provision of  state, local or foreign law, except with respect
to members of the  affiliated group of which the Company is the common
parent.   (k) Neither Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has
received  notice of a claim by any taxing authority from a jurisdiction in
which such  corporation does not file any Tax Returns that such corporation
is or may  be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.   (l) Neither
Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has filed an  election under
Section 341(f) of the Code to be treated as a consenting  corporation.  
(m) Neither Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries has  constituted
either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled  corporation" (within
the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a  distribution of stock
intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under  Section 355 of the Code
either (i) during the two (2) years prior to the  Effective Time (or will
constitute such a corporation during such time), or  (ii) in connection with
a distribution that otherwise constitutes part of a  plan or series of
related transactions (within the meaning of Section  355(e) of the Code) in
conjunction with the Merger.   3.11 Employee Benefit Plans.   (a) Schedule
3.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list  of each plan,
program, arrangement and contract which is maintained or  sponsored by the
Company or any Company Subsidiaries or under which the  Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries is obligated to make  contributions or to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary otherwise  have or may have any liability,
contingent or otherwise, either directly or  as a result of an ERISA
Affiliate (as defined below), and which provides  benefits or compensation to
or on behalf of employees or former employees  and their beneficiaries or
directors, agents or independent contractors,  including but not limited to
executive arrangements, employment agreements,  severance policies or
agreements, sick leave, vacation pay, consulting or  other compensation
arrangements, bonus plan, stock option or stock purchase  plans, and any
other equity compensation plans or arrangements, any plans  subject to
section 125 of the Code, any plans providing benefits or  payments in the
event of a change of ownership or control, and "employee  benefit plans" as
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income  Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA"). All such plans, programs,  arrangements,
practices or contracts are referred to herein as "Company  Employee Plans."
The Company has made available to Parent the plan  documents or other writing
constituting each Company Employee Plan that has  been reduced to writing
and, if applicable, the trust, insurance contract,  service agreement, formal
and informal amendments thereto, or other funding  arrangement, the most
recent ERISA summary plan description and any  amendments or modifications
thereof; all notices that were issued within  the preceding three years by
the IRS, Department of Labor, or any other  governmental entity with respect
to the Company Employee Plans; all minutes  and resolutions describing the
manner in which the Company Employee Plan is  or has been administered or
describing corrections to the administration of  a Company Employee Plan; and
the three (3) most recently filed Forms 5500  and actuarial report for each
such Company Employee Plan. The Company has  made available to Parent
accurate copies of the most recent favorable  determination letters for all
Company Employee Plans qualified under  Section 401(a) of the Code. "ERISA
Affiliate" means any person, together  with the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, is or was at any time treated  as a   10    11   single
employer under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA and  any
general partnership of which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is  or has
been a general partner.   (b) The Company and any Company Subsidiary does
not sponsor, maintain  or contribute to, and has never sponsored, maintained
or contributed to, or  had any liability with respect to, any employee
benefit plan subject to  Section 302 of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or
Title IV of ERISA. No  Company Employee Plan is a multiemployer plan (as
defined in Section 3(37)  of ERISA), and neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary is, or has  been, a participant in a multiemployer plan.   (c)
Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries is  obligated to
provide post-employment or retirement medical benefits or any  other unfunded
welfare benefits to or on behalf of any Person who is no  longer an employee
of Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, except  for health
continuation coverage as required by Section 4980B of the Code  or Part 6 of
Title I of ERISA.   (d) The Company and any Company Subsidiary has no
liability with  respect to any benefit plan or arrangement other than the
Company Employee  Plans that would result in a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Each Company  Employee Plan has at all times been maintained, by its
terms and in  operation, in accordance with all applicable laws, and each of
those  Company Employee Plans which are intended to be qualified under
Section  401(a) of the Code has at all times been maintained, by its terms
and in  operation, in accordance with Section 401(a) of the Code, in each
case  except where a failure to be so maintained would not have a Company 
Material Adverse Effect; and all reporting, disclosure, and notice 
requirements of ERISA, the Code and other applicable laws have been 
satisfied in all material respects with respect to each Company Employee 
Plan.   (e) No non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of 
Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) has occurred with respect 
to any Company Employee Plan maintained by the Company or any of the  Company
Subsidiaries that would result, directly or indirectly, in the  imposition of
an excise tax or other liability under the Code or ERISA,  except for such a
tax or other liability that would not have a Company  Material Adverse
Effect.   With respect to any Company Employee Plan, to the knowledge of the
Company there has occurred no breach of any fiduciary duty described in
Section 404 of ERISA that could, if successful, result in any fiduciary duty
described in 404 of ERISA that could, if successful, result in any liability,
direct or indirect, for the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any
stockholder, officer, director, or employee of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. No Company Employee Plan is presently under audit or examination
(nor has noticed been received of a potential audit or examination) by the
IRS, the Department of Labor, or any other governmental entity, and no
matters are pending with respect to any Company Employee Plan under any IRS
program.   (f) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have paid all
amounts  that the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are required to pay
as  contributions to the Company Employee Plans as of the last day of the
most  recent fiscal year of each of the Company Employee Plans; all
benefits  accrued under any funded or unfunded Company Employee Plan will
have been  paid, accrued or otherwise adequately reserved with GAAP; and all
monies  withheld from employee paychecks with respect to the Company Employee
Plans  have been transferred to the appropriate Company Employee Plan in a
timely  manner as required by applicable law.   (g) To the knowledge of the
Company, all persons classified by the  Company and the Company Subsidiaries
as independent contractors satisfy and  have at all times satisfied the
requirements of applicable law to be so  classified; to the knowledge of the
Company, the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries have fully and accurately
reported their compensation on IRS  Forms 1099 when required to do so; and to
the knowledge of the Company, the  Company and the Company Subsidiaries have
no obligations to provide  benefits with respect to such persons under the
Company Employee Plans or  otherwise. No individuals are currently providing,
or have ever provided,  services to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries
pursuant to a leasing  agreement or similar type of arrangement, nor has
the   11    12   Company or the Company Subsidiaries entered into any
arrangement whereby  services will be provide by such individuals.   (h)
All Company Employee Plans may be amended or terminated without  penalty by
the Company at any time on or after the Closing Date.   (i) All Company
Employee Plans outside of the United States, if any,  (the "Foreign Plans")
are in material compliance with all applicable laws  and have been operated
in all material respects in accordance with the  Foreign Plans\' respective
terms. There are no unfunded liabilities under,  or in respect of, the
Foreign Plans, and all contributions or other  payments required to be made
to, or in respect of, the Foreign Plans prior  to the Effective Time have
been made, or will be made, prior to the  Effective Time.   3.12
Intellectual Property. Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries owns,
or is validly licensed or otherwise has the right to use all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights,
service marks, service mark rights, copyrights and other proprietary
intellectual property rights and computer programs
(collectively, "Intellectual Property Rights") which if the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries did not own or validly license or otherwise have the
right to use would have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.12 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date hereof, a list of
all material granted patents, pending patent applications, registered
trademarks and applications therefor owned by or licensed to the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries. No claims are pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened that the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries is infringing the rights of any person with regard to any
Intellectual Property Right which have or would have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no person is infringing the
rights of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries with respect to any
Intellectual Property Right which would have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. As of the date hereof, the Company has no knowledge that the business
of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted or as
presently contemplated does or will infringe (i) any granted patent
or existing trademark or (ii) any patent to be granted from a pending
patent application. No claims are pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, are threatened challenging the validity of, ownership of or license
to the Intellectual Property Rights owned by or licensed to the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries which would have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   3.13 Parent Stock Ownership. Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries beneficially owns any shares of Parent Common Stock or
other securities convertible into or exercisable for Parent Common Stock.  
3.14 Pooling of Interests; Tax Reorganization. To the knowledge of
the Company, there has been no action or omission by the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries which would prevent the accounting for the Merger as
a pooling of interests in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 16 ("APB No. 16"), the interpretative releases issued pursuant thereto,
and the pronouncements of the SEC. Neither the Company nor any of the
Company Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action or knows of any
fact or circumstance that is reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   3.15 State Takeover Statutes. The Company Board has approved
this Agreement and the Merger, and such approval is sufficient to
render inapplicable, to this Agreement and the Merger, the provisions of
Section 203 of the DGCL to the extent, if any, such Section is applicable to
this Agreement and the Merger. To the Company\'s knowledge, no other state
antitakeover statute or similar statute or regulation is applicable to the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.   3.16 No Brokers.
The Company has not entered into any contract, arrangement or understanding
with any person or firm which may result in the obligation of the Company or
Parent to pay any finder\'s fees, brokerage or agent\'s commissions or other
like payments in connection with the negotiations leading to this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the
Company has retained U.S. Bancorp-Piper Jaffray ("Piper Jaffray") as its
financial advisors.   12    13   3.17 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The
Board of Directors of the Company has received the opinion of Piper Jaffray
to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to the
holders of Company Common Stock from a financial point of view.   3.18
Insurance. Schedule 3.18 accurately sets forth as of the day preceding the
date hereof all policies of insurance, other than title insurance policies,
held by or on behalf of the Company and all outstanding claims thereunder in
excess, individually or in the aggregate, of $25,000. All such policies of
insurance are in full force and effect, and no notice of cancellation has
been received. In the reasonable judgment of the Company, such policies are
in amounts which are adequate in relation to the business and properties of
the Company, and all premiums to date have been paid in full.   3.19
Contracts. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is a party to, and none of their respective properties
or assets are bound by, any material contracts, including contracts relating
to distribution, sale, licensing, co-promotion marketing, manufacturing,
third party suppliers of active ingredients, bulk product and finished
product to the Company, other than contracts filed as exhibits to the Company
Reports or listed on Schedule 3.19. The Company has not received any notice
from any other party to any such material contract, and otherwise has no
knowledge that such third party intends to terminate, or not renew, any such
material contract and no right to terminate such material contract arises in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. As of the date hereof,
the Company has made available to Parent true and correct copies of all such
material contracts. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries,
and, to the knowledge of the Company, no other party thereto, is in violation
of or in default under (nor does there exist any condition which upon the
passage of time or the giving of notice or both would cause such a violation
of or default under) any loan or credit agreement, bond, note, mortgage,
indenture, lease or other contract, agreement, obligation, commitment,
arrangement, understanding, instrument, permit or license which is listed in
Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, except for violations or
defaults that individually or in the aggregate would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of the Company
Subsidiaries is a party to or otherwise bound by any agreement or covenant
not to compete or by any agreement or covenant (other than licenses or
similar agreements permitting the Company to use the intellectual property of
a third party) restricting in any material respect the development, marketing
or distribution of the Company\'s or any of the Company
Subsidiaries\' products or services or the conduct of their businesses.  
3.20 No Excess Parachute Payments; No Section 162(m) Payments. There will be
no payments or benefits to any "disqualified individual" (within the
meaning of Section 280G of the Code) that would constitute or result in an
"excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Code as a direct or
indirect consequence of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, as a result of the acceleration of vesting or
exercisability of any options to purchase Company Common Stock held by
"disqualified individuals" as a direct or indirect consequence of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No such Person is entitled to
receive any additional payment from the Company, the Surviving Corporation or
any other Person (a "Parachute Gross Up Payment") to reimburse such Person
for the excise tax imposed on such Person pursuant to Section 4999(a) of the
Code. The Company Employee Plans and other Company employee compensation
arrangements in effect as of the date of this Agreement have been designed so
that the disallowance of a deduction under Section 162(m) of the Code for
employee remuneration will not apply to any material amounts paid or payable
by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries under any such plan or
arrangement and, to the knowledge of the Company, no fact or circumstance
exists that is reasonably likely to cause such disallowance to apply to any
such amounts.   3.21 Title to Properties.   (a) Each of the Company and
the Company Subsidiaries has good and  marketable title to, or valid
leasehold interests in, all its material  properties and assets used in the
conduct of its business except for such  as are no longer used or useful in
the conduct of its businesses or as have  been disposed of in the ordinary
course of business and except for defects  in title, easements, restrictive
covenants and similar encumbrances that  individually or in the aggregate
would not materially interfere with its  ability to conduct its business as
currently conducted. All such material  assets and properties, other than
assets and   13    14   properties in which the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries has a  leasehold interest, are free and clear of all
liens, claims and  encumbrances, except for liens, claims and encumbrances
that individually  or in the aggregate would not materially interfere with
the ability of the  Company and the Company Subsidiaries to conduct their
respective businesses  as currently conducted.   (b) Each of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries has complied in  all material respects with the
terms of all material leases to which it is  a party and under which it is in
occupancy, and all such leases are in full  force and effect, except for such
noncompliance or failure to be in full  force and effect that individually or
in the aggregate would not have a  Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of
the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries enjoys peaceful and undisturbed
possession under all such  material leases, except for failures to do so that
individually or in the  aggregate would not have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   3.22 Supply and Distribution Relationships. Except as would not
result in a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have in place supply and distribution agreements or arrangements
sufficient to meet the needs of the business of the Company as it is
currently being conducted and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no
adverse change in those agreements or arrangements is reasonably
anticipated.   3.23 Regulatory Compliance.   (a) As to each product
subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food  and Drug Administration ("FDA")
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic  Act and the regulations thereunder
("FDCA") (each such product, a  "Pharmaceutical Product") that is
manufactured, tested, distributed and/or  marketed by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, such Pharmaceutical  Product is being manufactured, tested,
distributed and/or marketed in  substantial compliance with all applicable
requirements under FDCA and  similar Legal Provisions, including those
relating to investigational use,  premarket approval, good manufacturing
practices, labeling, advertising,  record keeping, filing of reports and
security, except where the failure to  be in compliance would not have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither  the Company nor the Company
Subsidiaries has received any notice or other  communication from the FDA or
any other governmental entity, domestic or  foreign (A) contesting the
premarket approval of, the uses of or the  labeling and promotion of any of
the Company\'s or the Company Subsidiaries\'  products or (B) otherwise
alleging any violation of any Legal Provision by  the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries which, in either case, would have a  Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (b) No Pharmaceutical Products have been recalled, withdrawn, 
suspended or discontinued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the 
United States or outside the United States (whether voluntarily or 
otherwise) since January 1, 1998. No proceedings in the United States and 
outside of the United States (whether completed or pending) seeking the 
recall, withdrawal, suspension or seizure of any Pharmaceutical Product are 
pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against the  Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries, nor have any such proceedings  been
pending at any time since January 1, 1998 which would have a Company 
Material Adverse Effect.   (c) As to each biological or drug of the Company
or its Subsidiaries  for which a biological license application, new drug
application,  investigational new drug application or similar state or
foreign regulatory  application has been approved, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are  in substantial compliance with 21 U.S.C. sec. 355
or 21 C.F.R. Parts 312 or  314 et seq., respectively, and similar Legal
Provisions and all terms and  conditions of such applications, except where
the failure to be in  compliance would not have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. As to each  such drug, the Company and any relevant Company
Subsidiary, and the  officers, employees or agents of the Company or such
Company Subsidiary  have included in the application for such drug, where
required, the  certification described in 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(k)(1) or any
similar Legal  Provision and the list described in 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(k)(2)
or any  similar Legal Provision, and such certification and such list was in
each  case true and accurate when made and remained true and accurate
thereafter,  except in the case where the failure of such application to be
true and  accurate would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. In  
14    15   addition, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in
substantial  compliance with all applicable registration and listing
requirements set  forth in 21 U.S.C. sec. 360 and 21 C.F.R. Part 207 and all
similar Legal  Provisions.   (d) Each article of any drug manufactured
and/or distributed by the  Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is not
adulterated within the  meaning of 21 U.S.C. sec. 351 (or similar Legal
Provisions) or misbranded  within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. sec. 352 (or
similar Legal Provisions), and  is not a product that is in violation of 21
U.S.C. sec. 355 (or similar  Legal Provisions), except where such failure in
compliance with the  foregoing would not have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.   (e) Neither the Company, nor any Company Subsidiary, nor any
officer,  employee or agent of either the Company or any Company Subsidiary
has made  an untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent statement to
the FDA  or other governmental entity or regulatory entity, failed to
disclose a  material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other
governmental  entity or regulatory entity, or committed an act, made a
statement, or  failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure
was made,  could reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA or any
other  governmental entity or regulatory entity to invoke its policy
respecting  "Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and
Illegal  Gratuities", set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or
any  similar policy. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary, nor
any  officer, employee or agent of either the Company or any Company
Subsidiary,  has been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct for
which  debarment is mandated by 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(a) or any similar Legal 
Provision or authorized by 21 U.S.C. sec. 335a(b) or any similar Legal 
Provision.   (f) Except as disclosed in the Company Reports, neither the
Company  nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice that the
FDA or  any other governmental entity or regulatory entity has commenced,
or  threatened to initiate, any action to withdraw its approval or request
the  recall of any product of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or 
commenced, or overtly threatened to initiate, any action to enjoin 
production at any facility of the Company or any Company Subsidiary which 
would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  
3.24 Commercial, Clinical and Investigational Drugs. As of the date of this
Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts
or circumstances that would materially and adversely affect the
continued marketing, manufacture, and sale of Actiq as currently conducted.
As of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company, all
material information regarding the development and commercialization of
products and services of the Company have previously been disclosed to
Parent.   3.25 Agreement with Officers and Directors. Schedule 3.25 sets
forth each plan or agreement pursuant to which amounts may become payable
(whether currently or in the future) to current or former officers and
directors of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries as a result of or
in connection with the Merger.   ARTICLE 4   REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   Except as set forth in the disclosure
schedule delivered prior to the execution hereof to the Company (the "Parent
Disclosure Schedule"), Parent and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the
Company as of the date of this Agreement as follows:   4.1 Existence; Good
Standing; Corporate Authority; Compliance with Law. Each of Parent and Merger
Sub is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. Parent is duly licensed
or qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing
under the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the character of the
properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business
makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified or to be in good standing would not result in a Parent Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.14 hereof). Parent has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, operate and   15    16  lease its
properties and carry on its business as now conducted or as described in the
Parent Reports as reasonably contemplated in the future. Parent has
no Subsidiaries other than those Subsidiaries set forth in Section 4.1 of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule (the "Parent Subsidiaries"). Each of the
Parent Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing, under the laws of the respective jurisdictions in which they
are incorporated.   4.2 Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements.
Each of Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, has the requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other
agreements and documents contemplated hereby and thereby, and perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The consummation by Parent and Merger
Sub, as applicable, of the transactions contemplated hereby have been (i)
unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of Parent and Merger Sub, as
applicable, (ii) approved by the Parent as the sole stockholder of Merger
Sub, and duly authorized by all requisite corporate action. This Agreement
constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Parent and Merger
Sub, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws relating to
creditors\' rights and general principles of equity.   4.3 Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 100,000,000 shares of
Parent Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock ("Parent
Preferred Stock"). As of July 12, 2000, there were 34,820,937 shares of
Parent Common Stock and 2,500,000 shares of the $3.625
Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock (the "Convertible Exchangeable
Preferred Stock") series of Parent Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.
Since such date, no additional shares of capital stock of Parent have been
issued, except shares issued pursuant to the exercise of options outstanding
under Parent\'s stock option plans (the "Parent Stock Option Plans"). Parent
is a party to an Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of January
1, 1999 (the "Parent Rights Agreement"), with StockTrans, Inc. as Rights
Agent. As of July 1, 2000, options to acquire 3,768,298 shares of Parent
Common Stock were outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Parent Stock
Option Plans and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock were reserved for issuance in connection with the rights issued
pursuant to the Parent Rights Agreement. Since such date, no additional
options have been granted. Other than the Convertible Exchangeable Preferred
Stock, Parent has no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or
other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or which
are convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote)
with the stockholders of Parent on any matter. All such issued and
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock are, and all shares of Parent
Common Stock to be issued pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof, when issued in
accordance with the terms hereof will be, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. Other than as set
forth above, there are not, as of July 12, 2000, any existing options,
warrants, calls, subscriptions, convertible securities, or other rights,
agreements or commitments which obligate Parent or any of the Parent
Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock of Parent
or any of the Parent Subsidiaries.   All of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of Merger Sub are owned by Parent. Merger Sub has not
engaged in any activities other than in connection with its formation and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   4.4 Subsidiaries. Parent
owns directly or indirectly each of the outstanding shares of each of the
Parent Subsidiaries. Each of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each
of the Parent Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and is owned, directly or indirectly, by Parent free and clear
of all liens, pledges, security interests, claims or other encumbrances.  
4.5 No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub
of this Agreement nor the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of
the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof,
will: (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any provisions of the
respective Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent or Merger Sub;
(ii) result in a breach or violation of, a default under, or the triggering
of any payment or other material obligations pursuant to, or accelerate
vesting under, any of the Parent Stock Option Plans, or any grant or award
under any of the foregoing, or violate, conflict with, result in a breach of
any provision of, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination or in a right of termination or cancellation of,   16   
17  accelerate the performance required by, result in the triggering of any
payment or other material obligations pursuant to, result in the creation of
any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the material
properties of Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries or Merger Sub under, or
result in being declared void, voidable, or without further binding effect,
any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, deed of trust or any material license, franchise, permit, lease,
contract, agreement or other instrument, binding commitment or obligation to
which Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries or Merger Sub is a party, or by
which Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries or Merger Sub or any of their
respective properties is bound or to the knowledge of the Parent affected,
except for any of the foregoing matters which would not (a) result in a
Parent Material Adverse Effect, (b) impair in any material respects the
ability of Parent to perform its obligations under this Agreement, or (c)
prevent or materially delay the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) other than (a) filings by Parent
required under the HSR Act, (b) the filing with the SEC of a Registration
Statement on Form S-4, (c) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Delaware Secretary of State, and (d) the submission to the Nasdaq National
Market of a listing application, require, by or with respect to Parent, any
of the Parent Subsidiaries or Merger Sub in connection with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub or the consummation
by Merger Sub of the Merger, any consent, approval or authorization of,
or declaration, filing or registration with, any domestic governmental
or regulatory authority, other than consents, approvals,
authorizations, declarations or filings or registrations which, if not
obtained or made, are not reasonably likely to result in a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.   4.6 SEC Documents; Undisclosed Matters.   (a) Parent has
filed all required forms, reports, schedules,  statements and other documents
(including exhibits and other information  incorporated therein) with the SEC
since January 1, 1997 (collectively, the  "Parent Reports"). As of the
respective dates they were filed, or, if  amended, as of the date of the
filing of the last such amendment, each  Parent Report, (i) complied as to
form in all material respects with the  applicable requirements of the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the  rules and regulations thereunder
applicable to such Parent Reports and (ii)  at the time they were filed did
not contain any untrue statement of a  material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in the light of  the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. Each of the  consolidated balance sheets included
in or incorporated by reference into  the Parent Reports (including the
related notes and schedules) fairly  presents in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of  Parent and each of the Parent
Subsidiaries as of its date, and each of the  consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders\' equity and cash flows  included in or incorporated
by reference into the Parent Reports (including  any related notes and
schedules) fairly presents in all material respects  the financial position,
results of operations and cash flows, as the case  may be, of Parent and each
of the Parent Subsidiaries for the periods set  forth therein (subject, in
the case of unaudited statements, to normal  year-end audit adjustments which
would not be material in amount or effect,  and the absence of footnotes), in
each case (x) in accordance with GAAP  consistently applied during the
periods involved, except as may be noted  therein and (y) in compliance as to
form in all material respects with the  published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto as of the  date they were filed or, if amended,
as of the filing of the last such  amendment.   (b) Except (i) as set forth
in the Parent Reports (including the  financial statements and notes thereto
contained herein), (ii) for  liabilities set forth in this Agreement, (iii)
for liabilities described in  Section 4.6 of the Parent Disclosure or
incurred in the ordinary course of  business consistent with past practice,
the Parent has no liabilities or  obligations of any nature (whether accrued,
absolute or contingent or  otherwise) which, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a Parent  Material Adverse Effect.   4.7 Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the Parent Reports, there are no actions, suits or
proceedings pending against Parent, any of the Parent Subsidiaries or Merger
Sub or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent, any of the
Parent Subsidiaries or Merger Sub, that, individually or in the aggregate
would have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any judgment,
decree, injunction, rule, order,   17    18  action, demand or
requirement of any governmental entity or other regulatory body or arbitrator
outstanding against, or, to the knowledge of Parent, any investigation by any
governmental entity or other regulatory body involving the Parent that
individually or in the aggregate would have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.   4.8 No Violation of Law. The business and operations of Parent and
the Parent Subsidiaries have been conducted in compliance with all applicable
laws, ordinances, regulations and orders of all governmental entities and
other regulatory bodies, except where such noncompliance, individually or in
the aggregate, would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   4.9
Absence of Certain Changes. Other than as set forth in the Parent Reports (i)
since December 31, 1999 Parent has conducted its business only in the
ordinary course of such business, (ii) from December 31, 1999 to the date
of this Agreement there has not been any Parent Material Adverse Effect; and
(iii) since December 31, 1999, there has not been any material change in
its accounting principles, practices or methods, except as required under
GAAP or applicable law.   4.10 Company Stock Ownership. Neither Parent nor
any of the Parent Subsidiaries beneficially owns any shares of Company Common
Stock or other securities convertible into or exercisable for Company Common
Stock.   4.11 Pooling of Interests; Tax Reorganization. To the knowledge of
Parent, there has been no action or omission by Parent or any of the Parent
Subsidiaries which would prevent the accounting for the Merger as a pooling
of interests in accordance with APB No. 16, the interpretive releases issued
pursuant thereto, and the pronouncements of the SEC. Neither Parent nor any
of the Parent Subsidiaries has taken or agreed to take any action or knows of
any fact or circumstance that is reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code.   4.12 No Brokers. Parent has not entered into any contract,
arrangement or understanding with any person or firm which may result in the
obligation of the Company or Parent to pay any finder\'s fee, brokerage or
agent\'s commissions or other like payments in connection with the
negotiations leading to this Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, except that Parent has retained Robertson
Stephens as its financial advisor.   4.13 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The
Board of Directors of Parent has received the opinion of Robertson Stephens
to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio in the Merger
is fair from a financial point of view to the Parent.   ARTICLE 5  
COVENANTS   5.1 No Solicitation.   (a) Without the prior written consent
of Parent, from and after the  date hereof, the Company will not, and will
not authorize or permit any of  its Subsidiaries or any officers, directors,
employees, financial advisors,  agents and other representatives of any of
the foregoing  ("Representatives") to, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit,
initiate or  encourage (including by way of furnishing information, other
than public  information in the ordinary course of business in response to
an  unsolicited request) or take any other action to facilitate knowingly
any  inquiries or the making of any proposal which constitutes or may
reasonably  be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal (as hereinafter
defined)  from any person; (ii) engage in any discussion with any third party
other  than its Representatives or negotiations relating to any Acquisition 
Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to, agree to, 
approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Company may, (A) at any  time
prior to the time the Company\'s stockholders shall have voted to  approve
this Agreement engage in discussions or negotiations with a third  party (and
may furnish such third party information concerning the Company  and its
business, properties and assets to such party) who (without any 
solicitation, initiation, encouragement, discussion or negotiation,  directly
or indirectly, by or with the Company or the Representatives after  the date
hereof) makes an unsolicited   18    19   bona fide written Acquisition
Proposal if, and only to the extent that, (1)  the third party has first made
an Acquisition Proposal that is financially  superior to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and, in the  case of a cash offer, has
demonstrated that the funds necessary for the  Acquisition Proposal are
reasonably likely to be available (as determined  in good faith in each case
by the Company\'s Board of Directors after  consultation with its financial
advisors) (such an Acquisition Proposal, a  "Superior Proposal"), and the
Company\'s Board of Directors shall conclude  in good faith, after
considering applicable provisions of state law, and  after consulting with
independent legal counsel that such action is  necessary for the Board of
Directors to act in a manner consistent with its  fiduciary duties under
applicable law, and (2) prior to furnishing such  information to or entering
into discussions or negotiations with such  person or entity, the Company
receives from such person or entity an  executed confidentiality agreement
substantially in the same form as the  Confidentiality Agreement, and (3) the
Company shall have fully complied  with this Section 5.1; (B) comply with
Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the  Exchange Act with regard to a tender or
exchange offer; and/or (C) accept a  Superior Proposal from a third party,
provided the Company terminates this  Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3(a)
hereof. As used herein, "Acquisition  Proposal" means a proposal or offer for
a tender or exchange offer, merger,  consolidation or other business
combination involving the Company or any  Subsidiary of the Company or any
proposal to acquire in any manner a  substantial equity interest in, or a
substantial portion of the assets of,  the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof.   (b) The Company shall immediately cease and terminate any
existing  solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity, discussion or 
negotiation with any parties conducted heretofore by the Company or its 
Representatives with respect to a potential Acquisition Proposal and shall 
promptly request the return of all confidential or proprietary information 
of the Company furnished to any of such parties. The Company shall notify 
Parent orally and in writing of any such inquiries, offers or proposals 
(including, without limitation, the terms and conditions of any such 
proposal and the identity of the person making it), within 24 hours of the 
receipt thereof, shall keep Parent informed of the status and details of  any
such inquiry, offer or proposal, and shall give Parent prompt prior  written
notice of (i) any meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company  to take
any action with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or to  withdrawing or
modifying, in a manner adverse to Parent, its recommendation  to the
Company\'s stockholders in favor of approval of the Merger, and (ii)  any
agreement to be entered into with any person making such inquiry, offer  or
proposal.   (c) Prior to accepting a Superior Proposal, the Company shall,
and  shall cause its financial and legal advisors to, negotiate in good
faith  with Parent, for a period of not less than five business days, to make
such  changes to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable
the  Company to proceed with the transactions contemplated hereby.   (d)
During the period from the date of this Agreement through the  Effective
Time, the Company shall not terminate, amend, modify or waive any  provision
of any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it or any  of the
Company Subsidiaries is a party. During such period, the Company  shall
enforce, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the 
provisions of any such agreement, including, without limitation, by 
obtaining injunctions to prevent any breaches of such agreements and to 
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any court of the 
United States of America or of any state having jurisdiction.   5.2 Interim
Operations.   (a) Prior to the Effective Time, except as set forth in the
Company  Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated by any other provision of
this  Agreement, unless Parent has consented in writing thereto (which
consent  shall not be unreasonably withheld), the Company:   (i) shall, and
shall cause each of the Company Subsidiaries to,  conduct its operations in
the ordinary course consistent with the manner  as heretofore conducted;  
(ii) shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and shall cause  each of the
Company Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts,  to preserve
intact their business organizations   19    20   and goodwill, keep
available the services of their respective officers  and employees and
maintain satisfactory relationships with those persons  having business
relationships with them;   (iii) shall not, and shall cause each of the
Company Subsidiaries  not to, amend their respective Certificates of
Incorporation or Bylaws  or comparable governing instruments;   (iv) shall
give prompt notice to Parent of any representation or  warranty made by it
contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or  inaccurate in any material
respect such that the condition set forth in  Section 6.3(a)(ii) would not be
satisfied; provided, however, that no  such notification shall affect the
representations, warranties,  covenants or agreements of the parties or the
conditions to the  obligations of the parties under this Agreement;   (v)
shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company Subsidiaries  to, (A)
acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or  by
acquiring any capital stock of or purchasing a substantial portion of  the
assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization  or
division thereof, or (B) acquire or agree to acquire assets other  than in
the ordinary course of business or (C) release or relinquish or  agree to
release or relinquish any material contract rights;   (vi) shall not, and
shall not permit any of the Company  Subsidiaries to, effect any stock split
or otherwise change its  capitalization or issue any shares of its capital
stock or securities  convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for
shares of its  capital stock, except upon exercise of options to purchase
shares of  Company Common Stock under the Company Stock Option Plans;  
(vii) shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company  Subsidiaries to,
grant, confer or award any options, warrants,  conversion rights or other
rights, not existing on the date hereof, to  acquire any shares of its
capital stock or other securities of the  Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries, other than the issuance of  Company Options consistent with
past practice;   (viii) shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company 
Subsidiaries to, take or fail to take any action which would, or would  be
reasonably likely to, prevent the accounting for the Merger as a  pooling of
interests in accordance with APB No. 16, the interpretive  releases issued
pursuant thereto, and the pronouncements of the SEC;   (ix) shall not, and
shall not permit any of the Company  Subsidiaries to, take or fail to take
any actions which would be  reasonably likely to prevent the Merger from
qualifying as a  reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code;   (x) shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company
Subsidiaries  to, amend in any material respect, except as required by
applicable law  or in response to changes in applicable law, the terms of any
Company  Employee Plans, including, without limitation, any employment,
severance  or similar agreements or arrangements in existence on the date
hereof,  or adopt any new employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements or
any  employment, severance or similar agreements or arrangements, or grant 
any award thereunder (except as permitted by clause (vii) above or, in  the
case of awards not involving the acquisition of securities, in the  ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice), or grant any  salary
increases to any employee of the Company or any of the Company  Subsidiaries
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with  past practice
except that (A) the Company may hire employees in the  ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and (B) this  subsection (x) shall not
preclude Company from making payments under  Company Employee Plans;   (xi)
shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company  Subsidiaries to, except
in the ordinary course of business consistent  with past practice, (x) incur,
create, assume or otherwise become liable  for borrowed money or assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become  responsible or liable for the
obligations of any other individual,  corporation or other entity or (y) make
any loans or advances to any  other person;   20    21   (xii) shall
not, and shall not permit any of the Company  Subsidiaries to, (x) make,
revoke or change any material election with  respect to Taxes unless required
by applicable law or (y) settle or  compromise any material Tax liability;
and   (xiii) shall not, and shall not permit any of the Company 
Subsidiaries to, agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the 
foregoing actions.   (b) Prior to the Effective Time, except as set forth in
the Parent  Disclosure Schedule or as contemplated by any other provision of
this  Agreement, unless the Company has consented in writing thereto (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), Parent:   (i) shall not, and
shall cause each of Parent Subsidiaries not to,  amend their respective
Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws or  comparable governing
instruments;   (ii) shall give prompt notice to the Company of any
representation  or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement becoming
untrue or  inaccurate in any material respect such that the condition set
forth in  Section 6.2(a)(ii) would not be satisfied; provided, however, that
no  such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the  obligations
of the parties under this Agreement;   (iii) shall not, and shall not permit
any of Parent Subsidiaries  to, effect any stock split or otherwise change
its capitalization or  issue any shares of its capital stock or securities
convertible into or  exchangeable or exercisable for shares of its capital
stock, except upon  exercise of options to purchase shares of Parent Common
Stock under  Parent Stock Option Plans;   (iv) shall not, and shall not
permit any of Parent Subsidiaries to,  take or fail to take any action which
would, or would be reasonably  likely to, prevent the accounting for the
Merger as a pooling of  interests in accordance with APB No. 16, the
interpretive releases  issued pursuant thereto, and the pronouncements of the
SEC;   (v) shall not, and shall not permit any of Parent Subsidiaries to, 
take or fail to take any actions which would be reasonably likely to  prevent
the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the  meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code; and   (vi) shall not, and shall not permit any of Parent
Subsidiaries to,  agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the
foregoing actions.   5.3 Meeting of Company Stockholders. The Company will,
as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement,
establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a
meeting of its stockholders (the "Company Stockholders\' Meeting") as
promptly as practicable for the purpose of obtaining the approval of its
stockholders of this Agreement and the Merger, it being agreed and understood
that the Company may postpone the Company Stockholders\' Meeting if necessary
to comply with its obligations under 5.1(c) above. The Company Board shall
recommend such approval and shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit
such approval, including, without limitation, timely mailing the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus (as defined in Section 5.7). Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything else contained in this Agreement, prior to the adoption
and approval of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by the holders
of a majority of the shares of Company Stock, the Company Board, to the
extent it determines in good faith, after considering applicable provisions
of state law, and after consulting with independent legal counsel that such
action is necessary for the Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent
with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, may withdraw or modify its
approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger; it being agreed
and understood that any such withdrawal or modification in a
manner materially adverse to the Parent shall give rise to the right of
Parent to terminate under Section 7.4(a) below.   5.4 Reasonable Efforts;
Further Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, each
of the parties hereto will promptly file and prosecute diligently the
applications and related documents required to be filed by such party with
the applicable regulatory authorities in order to effect the transactions  
21    22  contemplated hereby, including filings under the HSR Act
requesting early termination of the applicable waiting period. Each party
hereto agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to, and shall take,
or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations, to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
as promptly as practicable. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, the proper officers and directors of each corporation which is a
party to this Agreement shall take all such necessary action. Each of the
parties hereto agrees to defend vigorously against any actions, suits or
proceedings in which such party is named as defendant which seeks to enjoin,
restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated hereby or seeks damages
with respect to such transactions.   5.5 Inspection of Records. From the
date hereof to the Effective Time, the Company and Parent shall (i) allow all
designated officers, attorneys, accountants and other representatives of
their respective companies reasonable access at all reasonable times to the
offices, records and files, correspondence, audits and properties, as well as
to all information relating to commitments, contracts, titles and financial
position, or otherwise pertaining to the business and affairs, of the other
party and their Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish to such other party and such other
party\'s counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other authorized
representatives such financial and operating data and other information as
such persons may reasonably request and (iii) instruct employees, counsel and
financial advisors to cooperate with such party in such party\'s
investigation of the business of the other party and its Subsidiaries. Except
as required by law, Parent and the Company will hold, and will cause their
respective officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives and affiliates to hold, any and all
information received from the Company or from Parent, as the case may be,
directly or indirectly, in confidence, in accordance with the Confidentiality
Agreement dated as of June 5, 2000 between Parent and the Company (as it may
be amended from time to time, the "Confidentiality Agreement").   5.6
Publicity. The initial press release relating to this Agreement shall be a
joint press release in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties
and thereafter the Company and Parent shall, subject to their respective
legal obligations (including requirements of stock exchanges and other
similar regulatory bodies), consult with each other, and use reasonable
efforts to agree upon the text of any press release, before issuing any such
press release or otherwise making public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby and in making any filing with any federal or
state governmental or regulatory agency or with any national securities
exchange with respect thereto. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that
the Company may, after the signing of this Agreement, file a copy of this
Agreement with the SEC on Form 8-K.   5.7 Registration Statement. Parent and
the Company shall cooperate and promptly prepare and Parent shall file with
the SEC as soon as practicable a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the
"Form S-4") under the Securities Act, with respect to the Parent Common Stock
issuable in the Merger, which Registration Statement shall contain the proxy
statement with respect to the meeting of the stockholders of the Company in
connection with the Merger (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus"). The respective
parties will cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 to comply
as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Parent shall use reasonable efforts, and the Company will cooperate with
Parent, to have the Form S-4 declared effective by the SEC as promptly as
practicable. Parent shall take all action required to obtain, prior to the
effective date of the Form S-4, all necessary state securities law or "Blue
Sky" permits or approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The information supplied by the Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form
S-4, shall not (i) at the time the Form S-4 is declared effective, (ii) at
the time the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (or any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto) is first mailed to holders of Company Common Stock, and
(iii) at the time of the Company Stockholders Meetings, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The information
supplied by Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4, shall not (i) at the time the Form S-4
is declared effective, (ii) at the time the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (or
any   22    23  amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first
mailed to holders of Company Common Stock, and (iii) at the time of the
Company Stockholders Meetings, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. No amendment or supplement to the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be made by the Company without the approval
of Parent and no amendment of the Form S-4 will be made by Parent without the
approval of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonable withheld or
delayed). Parent will advise the Company, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement
or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension
of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock issuable in connection with
the Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the
SEC for amendment of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the Form S-4 or
comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional
information.   5.8 Listing Application/De-Listings.   (a) Parent shall
promptly prepare and submit to the Nasdaq National  Market a listing
application covering the shares of Parent Common Stock  issuable in the
Merger and upon exercise of the Parent Options, and shall  use all reasonable
efforts to obtain, prior to the Effective Time, approval  for the listing of
such Parent Common Stock, subject to official notice of  issuance.   (b)
The parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the  Surviving
Corporation to cause the Company Common Stock to be de-listed  from NASDAQ
and de-registered under the Exchange Act as soon as practicable  following
the Effective Time.   5.9 Affiliate Letters. No later than thirty (30) days
prior to the date of the Company Stockholders\' Meeting, the Company shall
deliver to Parent a letter identifying all Persons who are, at the time this
Agreement is submitted for adoption by the stockholders of the Company,
"affiliates" of the Company (other than persons who have, on or prior to the
date hereof, executed and delivered affiliate letters to the Parent) for
purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or for purposes of qualifying
the Merger for pooling of interests accounting treatment under Opinion 16 of
the Accounting Principles Board and its related interpretations. The Company
shall take all actions reasonably necessary to deliver or cause to be
delivered to Parent, prior to the Closing Date, from each such person an
affiliate letter in the form of the affiliate letters delivered to the Parent
prior to the date hereof (an "Affiliate Letter").   5.10 Expenses. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.5 hereof, whether or not the Merger is
consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such expenses.   5.11 Directors\' and Officers\' Indemnification
and Insurance.   (a) Parent agrees that all rights to indemnification and
exculpation  from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to
the  Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors
or  employees or officers of the Company as provided in the Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or any indemnification agreement 
between such directors or officers and the Company (in each case, as in 
effect on the date hereof) shall be assumed by the Surviving Corporation in 
the Merger, without further action, as of the Effective Time and shall 
survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in  accordance
with their terms.   (b) Parent shall cause to be maintained, for a period of
not less than  six years from the Effective Time, the Company\'s current
directors\' and  officers\' liability insurance policy to the extent that it
provides  coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective Time (the
"DandO;  Insurance") for all present and former directors and officers of the 
Company or any Company Subsidiary, so long as the annual premium therefor 
would not be in excess 150% of the last annual premium paid for the DandO; 
Insurance prior to the date of this Agreement, (such premium being the 
"Maximum Premium"); provided that Parent may, in lieu of maintaining such 
existing DandO; Insurance as provided above, cause no less favorable coverage 
to be provided under any policy maintained for the benefit of the directors 
and   23    24   officers of Parent or a separate policy provided by
the same insurer. If  the existing DandO; Insurance expires, is terminated or
canceled by the  insurer or if the annual premium would exceed the Maximum
Premium during  such period, Parent shall obtain, in lieu of such DandO;
Insurance, such  comparable directors\' and officers\' liability insurance as
can be obtained  for the remainder of such period for an annualized premium
not in excess of  the Maximum Premium and on terms and conditions no less
advantageous than  the existing DandO; Insurance.   (c) The provisions of
this Section shall survive the Merger and are  intended to be for the benefit
of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the  Indemnified Parties, their
heirs and their representatives.   5.12 Benefit Arrangements.   (a) From
and after the Effective Time, Parent shall (i) permit each  Company employee
and officer who renders services for Parent or any Parent  Subsidiary
(including the Company or any Company Subsidiary) after the  Effective Time
("Company Employees") to participate in the employee benefit  plans and
arrangements covering Parent\'s employees and officers (including  employee
benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, arrangements  providing
for insurance coverage or workers\' compensation benefits,  incentive or
deferred bonus arrangements, severance arrangements, equity  compensation and
deferred compensation plans, and vacation programs,  whether or not sponsored
by Parent) ("Parent Benefit Plans") to the same  extent as similarly situated
employees of Parent, (ii) give each Company  Employee credit for all service
with the Company prior to the Effective  Time, (including service with any
Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company)  for purposes of eligibility and
vesting, but not benefit accrual, under all  Parent Benefit Plans, (iii) not
subject any Company employee to any waiting  periods or limitations on
benefits for pre-existing conditions under Parent  Benefit Plans, except to
the extent such Company Employee was subject to  such limitation under
Company\'s Employee Benefit Plans, and (iv) credit all  Company Employees
with one full year\'s deductible under the Company\'s  healthcare plans for
the plan year that includes the Effective Time.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Parent may continue, for the benefit of  Company Employees, any of
the Company Employee Plans as in effect prior to  the Closing Date, in lieu
of permitting such Company Employees to  participate in any of the Parent
Benefit Plans as provided in (i) above.   (b) Prior to the Closing Date, the
Company and the Company  Subsidiaries shall take whatever action is necessary
to cause the adoption  of resolutions terminating the Company 401(k)
Retirement Savings Plan as  of, or prior to, the Closing Date, subject to
subsequent governmental  approval as the Company deems appropriate. Prior to
the Closing Date, the  Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall also take
whatever action is  necessary to terminate the Company Employee Stock
Purchase Plan as of, or  prior to, the Closing Date.   5.13 Section 16
Matters. Parent and the Company shall take all actions reasonably necessary
to cause the transactions contemplated hereby and any other dispositions of
equity securities of the Company (including derivative securities) or
acquisitions of Parent equity securities (including derivative securities) in
connection with this Agreement by each individual who (a) is a director or
officer of the Company or (b) at the Effective Time, will become a director
or officer of Parent, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act.   5.14 Tax-Free Reorganization. Each of Company, Parent and
Merger Sub shall take all necessary actions to obtain tax-free reorganization
treatment under Section 368(a) of the Code and shall not take any position or
action that is inconsistent with such treatment.   24   25   ARTICLE
6   CONDITIONS   6.1 Conditions to Each Party\'s Obligation to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be
subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:   (a) This Agreement and the Merger shall have been approved by
the  holders of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the 
Company in accordance with the DGCL and Company\'s Certificate of 
Incorporation.   (b) The waiting period applicable to the Merger under the
HSR Act  shall have expired or been terminated.   (c) No judgment, order,
decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or  regulation, entered, enacted,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any court  or governmental regulatory or
administrative agency or commission of  competent jurisdiction which
restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the  Merger shall be in effect. In
the event any such order, decree, ruling or  other action shall have been
issued, each party agrees to use commercially  reasonable efforts to have any
such order, decree, ruling or other action  reversed and any such restraint
or injunction lifted.   (d) The Form S-4 shall have become effective and
shall be effective at  the Effective Time, and no stop order suspending
effectiveness of the Form  S-4 shall have been issued, no action, suit,
proceeding, or investigation  by the SEC to suspend the effectiveness thereof
shall have been initiated  and be continuing.   (e) The Parent Common Stock
to be issued to the Company stockholders  in connection with the Merger shall
have been approved for listing on the  Nasdaq National Market, subject only
to official notice of issuance.   6.2 Conditions to Obligation of the
Company to Effect the Merger. The obligation of the Company to effect the
Merger shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions:   (a) (i) Parent and Merger Sub shall have
performed in all material  respects all obligations contained in this
Agreement required to be  performed by them on or prior to the Closing Date,
(ii) each representation  and warranty of Parent and Merger Sub contained in
this Agreement shall be  true and correct in each case as of the date of this
Agreement and as of  Closing Date as though made on the Closing Date (it
being understood that  those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a  particular date shall have been true and correct as of
such date), except  as would not constitute a Parent Material Adverse Effect,
and that  qualifications as to materiality (including the use of the term
Parent  Material Adverse Effect) contained in any representation or warranty
shall  be disregarded for purposes of this Section 6.2(a), and (iii) the
Company  shall have received certificates of the President or a Vice
President of  Parent and Merger Sub dated the Closing Date, certifying to
such effect  with respect to Parent and Merger Sub, respectively.   (b) The
Company shall have received an opinion of Cooley Godward,  special tax
counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the  effect that the
Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning  of Section 368(a)
of the Code. The issuance of such opinion shall be  conditioned upon the
receipt by such special tax counsel of customary  representation letters from
each of Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company, in  each case in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to such special tax  counsel. Each such
representation letter shall be dated on or before the  date of such opinion
and shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any  material respect.  
(c) From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time, there  shall
not have occurred a Parent Material Adverse Effect.   25   26   6.3
Conditions to Obligation of Parent and Merger Sub to Effect the Merger. The
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:   (a) (i) The Company shall have performed in all
material respects all  obligations contained in this Agreement required to be
performed on or  prior to the Closing Date, (ii) each representation and
warranty of the  Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and
correct in each case  as of the date of this Agreement and as of Closing Date
as though made on  the Closing Date (it being understood that those
representations and  warranties which address matters only as of a particular
date shall have  been true and correct as of such date), except as would not
constitute a  Company Material Adverse Effect, and that qualifications as to
materiality  (including the use of the term Company Material Adverse Effect)
contained  in any representation or warranty shall be disregarded for
purposes of this  Section 6.3(a), (iii) Parent shall have received a
certificate of the  President or a Vice President of the Company, dated the
Closing Date,  certifying to such effect with respect to the Company.   (b)
Parent shall have received a letter of its independent public  accountants
and the Company\'s independent public accountants, each dated  the Effective
Time, and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory  to Parent,
stating that such accountants concur with management\'s  conclusion that the
Merger will qualify as a transaction to be accounted  for in accordance with
the pooling of interests method of accounting under  the requirements of APB
No. 16.   (c) From the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time,
there  shall not have occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect.   (d)
Parent shall have received from the Company an Affiliate Letter  from each
person, if any, identified as an "affiliate" pursuant to Section  5.9
above.   ARTICLE 7   TERMINATION   7.1 Termination by Mutual Consent.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time
prior to the Effective Time, before or after the approval of this Agreement
by the stockholders of the Company, by the mutual consent of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company.   7.2 Termination by Either Parent or the Company. This
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned by action of the
Board of Directors of either Parent or the Company if:   (a) the Merger
shall not have been consummated by December 31, 2000;  provided, that the
terminating party shall not have breached in any  material respect its
obligations under this Agreement in any manner that  shall have proximately
contributed to the failure to consummate the Merger  by such date,   (b)
the approval of the Company\'s stockholders required by Section  6.1(a) shall
not have been obtained at a meeting duly convened therefor or  at any
adjournment thereof, or   (c) a United States federal, state, local or
foreign court of  competent jurisdiction or United States federal or state,
local or foreign  governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or
commission shall have  issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other
action permanently  restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement and such order, decree, ruling
or other  action shall have become final and nonappealable; provided, that
the party  seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to clause (c) shall
have used  all commercially reasonable efforts to remove such injunction,
order or  decree.   26   27   7.3 Termination by the Company. This
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Effective Time, by action of the Company Board:   (a) by written
notice to Parent, if the Board of Directors of the  Company shall determine
in good faith that an Acquisition Proposal  constitutes a Superior Proposal;
provided, however, that the Company may  not terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this clause (a) unless the Company  shall have complied with its
obligations under Section 5.1(c).   (b) if there has been a breach by Parent
or Merger Sub of any  representation or warranty contained in this Agreement
that would cause the  condition set forth in Section 6.2(a)(ii) to not be
satisfied, which breach  is not curable or, if curable, is not cured within
thirty (30) days after  written notice of such breach is given by the Company
to Parent, or   (c) if there has been a material breach of any of the
covenants or  agreements set forth in this Agreement on the part of Parent
which breach  would cause the condition set forth in Section 6.2(a)(i) to not
be  satisfied, which breach is not curable or, if curable, is not cured
within  thirty (30) days after written notice of such breach is given by
the  Company to Parent.   7.4 Termination by Parent. This Agreement may be
terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective
Time, by action of the Board of Directors of Parent, if:   (a) the Company
Board (i) shall not have recommended the approval of  this Agreement or the
Merger to its stockholders, or shall have withdrawn  or modified (including,
without limitation, pursuant to Section 5.3 above)  in a manner materially
adverse to Parent its approval or recommendation of  this Agreement or the
Merger, or (ii) shall have recommended an Acquisition  Proposal to the
Company stockholders, or   (b) there has been a breach by the Company of any
representation or  warranty contained in this Agreement that would cause the
condition set  forth in Section 6.3(a)(ii) to not be satisfied, which breach
is not  curable or, if curable, is not cured within thirty (30) days after
written  notice of such breach is given by Parent to the Company, or   (c)
there has been a material breach of any of the covenants or  agreements set
forth in this Agreement on the part of the Company, which  breach would cause
the condition set forth in Section 6.3(a)(i) to not be  satisfied, which
breach is not curable or, if curable, is not cured within  thirty (30) days
after written notice of such breach is given by Parent to  the Company.  
7.5 Effect of Termination and Abandonment.   (a) The Company shall pay
Parent a fee of $15 million (the  "Termination Fee"), which amount shall be
payable prior to any termination  by the Company in the case of clause (i)
below (with any such payment being  a condition precedent to any such
termination), and Parent\'s reasonable  documented out-of-pocket expenses,
not to exceed $1,000,000 in the  aggregate, in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions  contemplated hereby (the "Parent Expenses"), which
amount shall be payable  within two business days of receipt of an invoice
therefor, if this  Agreement (A) is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section
7.4(a) hereof, or  by the Company pursuant to Section 7.3(a) hereof, or (B)
is terminated as a  result of the Company\'s breach of Section 5.1 hereof
which is not cured  within ten (10) days after notice thereof.   (b) In the
event of termination of this Agreement by Parent pursuant  to Section 7.4(b)
or (c), the Company shall pay to Parent the Parent  Expenses, which amount
shall be payable within two business days of receipt  of an invoice therefor;
provided however, that in the event that within  twelve (12) months after
termination of this Agreement the Company shall  have entered into an
agreement with respect to, or consummated, an  Acquisition Proposal which
shall have existed at any time during the period  between the date hereof and
the date of such termination, then, the Company  shall pay Parent the
Termination Fee in addition to the Parent Expenses.   27   28   (c) The
Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in Section  7.5(a) and (b)
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated in  this Agreement, and
that, without these agreements, Parent and Merger Sub  would not enter into
this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails to  promptly pay the amount
due pursuant to Section 7.5(a) or (b), and, in  order to obtain such payment,
Parent or Merger Sub commences a suit which  results in a judgment against
the Company, the Company shall pay to Parent  its reasonable costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) in  connection with such
suit, together with interest on the amount of the  Termination Fee and the
Parent Expenses at the prime rate of Chase  Manhattan Bank N.A. in effect on
the date such amounts were required to be  paid. The payment of the
Termination Fee and the Parent Expenses  contemplated by Section 7.5(a), or
the Parent Expenses and if applicable  the Termination Fee contemplated by
Section 7.5(b), as the case may be,  shall terminate all obligations or
liabilities of the Company under this  Agreement, except as otherwise
provided in Section 7.5(e) below.   (d) In the event of termination of this
Agreement by the Company  pursuant to Section 7.3(b) or (c), the Parent shall
pay to the Company the  Company\'s reasonable documented out-of-pocket
expenses, not to exceed  $1,000,000 in the aggregate, in connection with this
Agreement and the  transactions contemplated hereby, which amount shall be
payable within two  (2) business days of receipt of an invoice therefor.  
(e) In the event of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment  of the
Merger pursuant to this Article 7, all obligations of the parties  hereto
shall terminate, except the obligations of the parties set forth in  this
Section 7.5 and Section 5.10 and except for the Confidentiality  Agreement,
provided that nothing in this Section 7.5(e) shall relieve any  party from
liability for willful breach, including, without limitation,  attorneys\'
fees and the right to pursue any remedy at law or in equity.   7.6
Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto,
by action taken by its Board of Directors, may, to the extent
legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (b) waive any
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such party
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of such
party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party.   28  29   ARTICLE 8   GENERAL
PROVISIONS   8.1 Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. All
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Effective
Time.   8.2 Notices. Any notice required to be given hereunder shall be
sufficient if in writing, and sent by facsimile transmission, by courier or
other national overnight express mail service (with proof of service), hand
delivery or certified or registered mail (return receipt requested and first-
class postage prepaid), addressed as follows.   If to Parent or Merger
Sub:   Cephalon, Inc.  145 Brandywine Parkway  West Chester, PA 19380 
Attn: General Counsel   with copies to:   Morgan, Lewis and Bockius LLP 
502 Carnegie Center  Princeton, NJ 08540  Attention: Randall Sunberg,
Esquire  Telecopy: (609) 919-6639   If to the Company:   Anesta Corp. 
4745 Wiley Post Way  Salt Lake City, UT 84116  Attn: Thomas B. King   with
copies to:   Cooley Godward LLP  2595 Canyon Blvd.  Suite 250  Boulder,
CO 80302  Attention: James C.T. Linfield, Esquire  Telecopy: (303)
546-4099  or to such other address as any party shall specify by written
notice so given, and such notice shall be deemed to have been delivered as of
the date of receipt.   8.3 Assignment; Binding Effect. Neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties, except
that Merger Sub may assign its rights hereunder to any Subsidiary of Parent,
but no such assignment shall relieve Merger Sub of any of its obligations
hereunder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, except for the provisions of Article 2 (Conversion
and Exchange of Securities) and Section 5.11 (Directors\' and Officers\'
Indemnification and Insurance), nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto or
their respective heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement. Parent shall cause Merger Sub to comply with its obligations
hereunder.   29   30   8.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the
Exhibits hereto, the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, the Confidentiality Agreement and any documents delivered by the
parties in connection herewith or therewith constitute the entire agreement
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all
prior agreements and understandings among the parties with respect thereto.
No addition to or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be
binding upon any party hereto unless made in writing and signed by all
parties hereto.   8.5 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the
parties hereto, by action taken by their respective Boards of Directors, at
any time before or after approval of matters presented in connection with the
Merger by the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, after such
stockholder approval, no amendment shall be made which by law requires the
further approval of stockholders without obtaining such further approval.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of each of the parties hereto.   8.6 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware without regard to its rules of conflict of laws.  
8.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall
be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and
the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies
hereof each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the
parties hereto.   8.8 Headings. Headings of the Articles and Sections of
this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only, and shall be
given no substantive or interpretive effect whatsoever.   8.9
Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires,
words describing the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa,
and words denoting each gender shall include the other gender and
words denoting natural persons shall include corporations and partnerships
and vice versa.   8.10 Waivers. Except as provided in this Agreement, no
action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any
investigation by or on behalf of any party, shall be deemed to constitute a
waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision
hereunder shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any prior or
subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereunder.   8.11
Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability
without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions
of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the
terms or provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any
provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision
shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable.   8.12
Enforcement of Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with its specific terms or were
otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.   8.13 Definitions.   (a) As used in this Agreement, the word
"Subsidiary" when used with  respect to any party means any corporation or
other organization, whether  incorporated or unincorporated, of which such
party directly or indirectly  owns or controls at least a majority of the
securities or other interests  having by their terms ordinary voting power to
elect a majority of the  board of directors or others performing similar
functions with respect to  such corporation or other organization, or any
organization of which such  party is a general partner.   30    31  
(b) As used in this Agreement, "Company Material Adverse Effect" means  a
change or effect that is materially adverse to the business, results of 
operation or financial condition of the Company and the Company  Subsidiaries
taken as a whole.   (c) As used in this Agreement, "Parent Material Adverse
Effect" means  a change or effect that is materially adverse to the business,
results of  operation or financial condition of Parent and the Parent
Subsidiaries,  taken as a whole.   (d) As used in this Agreement the phrase
"Company\'s knowledge," or  words of similar import means the actual
knowledge, without independent  investigation, of the officers of the Company
and Theodore H. Stanley,  M.D., and William C. Moeller.   (e) As used in
this Agreement the phrase "Parent\'s knowledge", or  words of similar import
means the actual knowledge, without independent  investigation of, the senior
executive officers of the Parent.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have
executed this Agreement and caused the same to be duly delivered on their
behalf on the day and year first written above.   CEPHALON, INC.   By:
/s/ Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D.  ----------------------------------  Name:
Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D.  Title: Chairman and  Chief Executive Officer  
C MERGER SUB, INC.   By: /s/ Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D. 
----------------------------------  Name: Frank Baldino, Jr., Ph.D.  Title:
President   ANESTA CORP.   By: /s/ Thomas B. King 
----------------------------------  Name: Thomas B. King  Title: President
and  Chief Executive Officer   31     '

