 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    1 
EXECUTION COPY     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER     Among    
WORLDCOM, INC.,    WILDCAT ACQUISITION CORP.   and   INTERMEDIA
COMMUNICATIONS INC.          Dated September 1, 2000  2  2  
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement") being made and entered into as
of this 1st day of September 2000 by and among WORLDCOM, INC., a Georgia
corporation ("Wildcat"), WILDCAT ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation
("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Wildcat, and INTERMEDIA
COMMUNICATIONS INC., a Delaware corporation ("Target").   WHEREAS, the
Boards of Directors of Wildcat, Merger Sub and Target have each determined
that it is in the best interests of their respective stockholders for Merger
Sub to merge with and into Target (the "Merger") upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of
Wildcat, Merger Sub and Target have each approved the Merger upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein;   WHEREAS, simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and
inducement to the willingness of Wildcat to enter into this Agreement,
Wildcat and certain stockholders of Target are entering into a certain
stockholders agreement (the "Voting Agreement") pursuant to which such
stockholders have agreed, among other things, to vote to approve the Merger
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Voting Agreement; and   WHEREAS, the parties desire to qualify the Merger
as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code").    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree
as follows:    ARTICLE I   THE MERGER   1.1 Merger; Surviving
Corporation. In accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), at the Effective Time (as such
term and other capitalized terms used herein without definition are defined
in Section 7.1) Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Target, and Target
shall be the surviving corporation (hereinafter sometimes called the
"Surviving Corporation") and shall continue its corporate existence under the
laws of the State of Delaware. At the Effective Time the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease. All properties, franchises and rights
belonging to Target and Merger Sub, by virtue of the Merger and without
further act or deed, shall be deemed to be vested in the Surviving
Corporation, which shall thenceforth be responsible for all the liabilities
and obligations of each of Merger Sub and Target.   1.2 Certificate of
Incorporation. The Certificate of Incorporation of Target as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall thereafter continue in full
force and effect  3  3  as the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation until altered or amended as provided therein or by
law.   1.3 By-Laws. The By-Laws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall be the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation until
altered, amended or repealed as provided therein and in the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation.   1.4 Directors. The
Directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
directors of Surviving Corporation. Each of such directors shall hold office
in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the
Surviving Corporation.   1.5 Effective Time. The Merger shall become
effective at the time of filing of a certificate of merger (the "Certificate
of Merger") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in
accordance with the provisions of Section 251 of the DGCL, or at such later
time as Wildcat and Target shall agree and specify as the effective time in
the Certificate of Merger, which shall be so filed as soon as practicable
after the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article V. The date and time when the Merger shall become effective are
referred to herein as the "Effective Date" and the "Effective Time",
respectively. Prior to such filing, a closing shall be held at the offices of
Kronish Lieb Weiner and Hellman LLP, 1114 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New
York 10036, or such other place as shall be agreed to by the parties, for the
purpose of confirming the satisfaction or waiver, as the case may be, of the
conditions set forth in Article V.   1.6 Conversion of Shares. (a) Each
share of Target Common Stock, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Sections
1.6(c) and 1.6(d)) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive a
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Wildcat Common Stock equal
to the Exchange Ratio (the "Common Stock Merger Consideration"), subject to
the limitations set forth in Section 1.9. The "Exchange Ratio" means the
quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) determined by dividing $39 by the
Average Price (as defined below); provided that the Exchange Ratio shall not
be less than 0.8904 or greater than 1.1872; and provided further that in the
event that the Exchange Ratio would otherwise be greater than 1.0685, Wildcat
shall have the right (the "Wildcat Cash Election") to cause the Exchange
Ratio to be equal to 1.0685 by adding to the Common Stock Merger
Consideration an amount of cash per share of Target Common Stock equal to the
product of (x) the difference between the Exchange Ratio without giving
effect to the Wildcat Cash Election and 1.0685 and (y) the Average Price.
"Average Price" means the average (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the
volume weighted averages (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the trading
prices of Wildcat Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market, as reported by
Bloomberg Financial Markets (or such other source as the parties shall agree
in writing), for the  4  4  15 trading days randomly selected by lot by
Wildcat and Target together from the 30 consecutive trading days ending on
the third trading day immediately preceding the Effective Date.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 1.6,
Wildcat shall not exercise the Wildcat Cash Election to the extent such
exercise will result in the Merger ceasing to qualify as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Code.   (b) (i) Subject to Sections 1.6(e) and
1.9, each share of Target Series D Preferred Stock (other than shares to be
canceled in accordance with Sections 1.6(c) and (d)) shall, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted
into the right to receive one fully paid and nonassessable share of 7% Series
D Junior Convertible Preferred Stock of Wildcat (the "Wildcat Series D
Preferred Stock") (the "Series D Preferred Stock Merger Consideration"),
which Wildcat Series D Preferred Stock shall have terms that are identical to
Target Series D Preferred Stock except that (w) the issuer thereof shall be
Wildcat rather than Target, (x) the Wildcat Series D Preferred Stock shall
become convertible into Wildcat Common Stock as required by Paragraph 3 of
the Certificate of Designation for the Target Series D Preferred Stock, (y)
dividends will accrue from the last dividend payment date of the Target
Series D Preferred Stock prior to the Effective Time and be payable in
Wildcat Common Stock or cash and (z) each share of Wildcat Series D Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to one-tenth of one vote per share on all matters,
voting together with the Wildcat Common Stock and the other classes of
Wildcat voting securities as a single class.   (ii) Subject to Sections
1.6(e) and 1.9, each share of Target Series E Preferred Stock (other than
shares to be canceled in accordance with Sections 1.6(c) and (d)) shall, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, be converted into the right to receive one fully paid and
nonassessable share of 7% Series E Junior Convertible Preferred Stock of
Wildcat (the "Wildcat Series E Preferred Stock") (the "Series E Preferred
Stock Merger Consideration"), which Wildcat Series E Preferred Stock shall
have terms that are identical to Target Series E Preferred Stock except that
(w) the issuer thereof shall be Wildcat rather than Target, (x) the Wildcat
Series E Preferred Stock shall become convertible into Wildcat Common Stock
as required by Paragraph 3 of the Certificate of Designation for the Target
Series E Preferred Stock, (y) dividends will accrue from the last dividend
payment date of the Target Series E Preferred Stock prior to the Effective
Time and be payable in Wildcat Common Stock or cash and (z) each share of
Wildcat Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one-tenth of one
vote per share on all matters, voting together with the Wildcat Common Stock
and the other classes of Wildcat voting securities as a single class.  
(iii) Subject to Sections 1.6(e) and 1.9, each share of Target Series F
Preferred Stock (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with Sections
1.6(c) and (d)) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive one fully
paid and nonassessable share of 7% Series F Junior  5  5  Convertible
Preferred Stock of Wildcat (the "Wildcat Series F Preferred Stock") (the
"Series F Preferred Stock Merger Consideration"), which Wildcat Series
F Preferred Stock shall have terms that are identical to Target Series F
Preferred Stock except that (w) the issuer thereof shall be Wildcat rather
than Target, (x) the Wildcat Series F Preferred Stock shall become
convertible into Wildcat Common Stock as required by Paragraph 3 of the
Certificate of Designation for the Target Series F Preferred Stock, (y)
dividends will accrue from the last dividend payment date of the Target
Series F Preferred Stock prior to the Effective Time and be payable in
Wildcat Common Stock or cash and (z) each share of Wildcat Series F Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to one-tenth of one vote per share on all matters,
voting together with the Wildcat Common Stock and the other classes of
Wildcat voting securities as a single class.   (iv) Subject to Sections
1.6(e) and 1.9, each share of Target Series G Preferred Stock (other than
shares to be canceled in accordance with Sections 1.6(c) and (d)) shall, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, be converted into the right to receive one fully paid and
nonassessable share of 7% Series G Junior Convertible Preferred Stock of
Wildcat (the "Wildcat Series G Preferred Stock") (the "Series G Preferred
Stock Merger Consideration"), which Wildcat Series G Preferred Stock shall
have terms that are identical to Target Series G Preferred Stock except that
(v) the issuer thereof shall be Wildcat rather than Target, (w) the Wildcat
Series G Preferred Stock shall become convertible into Wildcat Common Stock
as required by Paragraph 3 of the Certificate of Designation for the Target
Series G Preferred Stock, (x) dividends will accrue from the last dividend
payment date of the Target Series G Preferred Stock prior to the Effective
Time and be payable in Wildcat Common Stock or cash, (y) there shall be the
other modifications thereto set forth in Section 5 of the Voting Agreement
and (z) the optional redemption provisions set forth in Paragraph 5(i) of the
Certificate of Designation for the Target Series G Preferred Stock may
be exercised within 45 days after the Effective Time. The Common Stock
Merger Consideration, the Series D Preferred Stock Merger Consideration, the
Series E Preferred Stock Merger Consideration, the Series F Preferred Stock
Merger Consideration and the Series G Preferred Stock Merger Consideration
shall be referred to collectively in this Agreement as the "Merger
Consideration".   (c) Each share of Target Common Stock or Target Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time which is
then owned beneficially or of record by Wildcat or Merger Sub shall,
by virtue of the Merger, be canceled and retired and cease to exist, without
any conversion thereof.   (d) Each share of Target Common Stock or
Target Preferred Stock held in the treasury of Target immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, be canceled and retired
and cease to exist, without any conversion thereof.   (e) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 1.6 to the contrary, shares  6  6  of Target
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time and held by any stockholder of Target who is entitled to demand and
properly demands appraisal of such shares pursuant to, and who complies
in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL
("Appraisal Shares") shall not be converted into the right to receive the
Preferred Stock Merger Consideration with respect thereto, if any, as
provided in Section 1.6(b), but rather the holders of Appraisal Shares shall
be entitled to payment of the fair value of such Appraisal Shares in
accordance with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL; provided, however,
that if any such holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive,
withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL or a
court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not
entitled to the relief provided by Section 262 of the DGCL, then the right of
such holder of Appraisal Shares to be paid the fair value of such holder\'s
Appraisal Shares shall cease and such Appraisal Shares shall be treated as if
they had been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive
the Preferred Stock Merger Consideration with respect thereto as provided in
Section 1.6(b).   1.7 Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub (the "Merger Sub Common
Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
Following the Effective Time, each certificate evidencing ownership of shares
of Merger Sub Common Stock shall evidence ownership of shares of capital
stock of the Surviving Corporation.   1.8 Effect on Target Series B
Preferred Stock. Subject to Section 1.6(e), each share of Target Series B
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall remain outstanding as Series B Preferred Stock of the Surviving
Corporation, without any change to the powers, preferences or special rights
of such Target Series B Preferred Stock provided for in the Certificate of
Designation for the Target Series B Preferred Stock, except that each share
of Target Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one-tenth of one vote
per share on all matters, voting together with the common stock and other
classes of voting securities of the Surviving Corporation as a single
class.   1.9 Exchange of Target Common Stock and Target Preferred Stock.
(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Wildcat shall enter into an agreement with a
bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to Target (the "Exchange Agent"),
which shall provide that Wildcat shall deposit with the Exchange Agent as of
the Effective Time, for the benefit of the holders of shares of Target Common
Stock and Target Preferred Stock (other than the Target Series B Preferred
Stock), certificates representing the Common Stock Merger Consideration and
Preferred Stock Merger Consideration, issuable in exchange for outstanding
shares of Target Common Stock and Target Preferred Stock (other than the
Target Series B Preferred Stock), as the case may be. Wildcat shall
make available to the Exchange Agent from time to time as required after
the  7  7  Effective Time cash and/or securities necessary to pay
dividends and other distributions in accordance with Section 1.9(e) and to
make payments in lieu of any fractional shares of Wildcat Common Stock in
accordance with Section 1.9(f).   (b) As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record (other
than to holders of Target Common Stock or Target Preferred Stock to be
canceled as set forth in Section 1.6(c) or 1.6(d) or Appraisal Shares and
other than to holders of the Target Series B Preferred Stock) of a
certificate or certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time
represented outstanding shares of Target Common Stock or Target Preferred
Stock (other than the Target Series B Preferred Stock) (the "Certificates")
(i) a form letter of transmittal (which shall be in customary form and shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the
Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of the
Certificates in exchange for certificates representing the applicable Merger
Consideration.   (c) Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to
the Exchange Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly
executed, and such other agreements as the Exchange Agent shall reasonably
request, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefor, (i) the applicable Common Stock Merger Consideration or
Preferred Stock Merger Consideration into which the shares of Target Common
Stock or Target Preferred Stock theretofore represented by the Certificate so
surrendered shall have been converted pursuant to the provisions of this
Article I, and (ii) any dividends or other distributions and cash in lieu of
fractional shares payable in accordance with this Section 1.9, and the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 1.9, each Certificate shall be deemed at any
time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the
applicable Common Stock Merger Consideration or Preferred Stock Merger
Consideration with respect to the shares of Target Common Stock or Target
Preferred Stock formerly represented thereby and any dividends or other
distributions and cash in lieu of fractional shares payable in accordance
with this Section 1.9.   (d) If any Certificate representing shares of
Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock is to be issued in a name
other than that in which the Certificate surrendered is registered, it shall
be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required
by reason of the payment to a person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Surviving Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.  
(e) No dividends or other distributions declared after the Effective  8 
8  Time with respect to Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock and
payable to holders of record thereof after the Effective Time shall be paid
to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the shares of
Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock represented thereby until the
holder of record shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to the effect, if
any, of applicable law, after the subsequent surrender and exchange of a
Certificate, the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such
dividends or other distributions, without any interest thereon, which
theretofore became payable with respect to shares of Wildcat Common Stock or
Wildcat Preferred Stock represented by such Certificate.   (f) No
certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of Wildcat Common Stock
shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates, and any such
fractional share interest will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to
any rights of the stockholders of Surviving Corporation. In lieu thereof,
Wildcat shall pay cash for such fractional shares based upon the Closing
Price on the trading day preceding the Effective Date.   (g) Any cash or
certificates held by the Exchange Agent that remain undistributed to the
holders of the Certificates for one year after the Effective Time shall be
delivered to Wildcat, upon demand, and any holders of the Certificates who
have not theretofore exchanged their Certificates in accordance with this
Section 1.9 shall thereafter look only to Wildcat for payment of their claim
for the Merger Consideration, any dividends or distributions with respect to
Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock and any cash in lieu of
fractional shares of Wildcat Common Stock.   (h) All shares of Wildcat
Common Stock and Wildcat Preferred Stock into which and for which shares of
Target Common Stock and Target Preferred Stock shall have been converted or
exchanged pursuant to this Article I shall be deemed to have been issued in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such converted and exchanged
shares of Target Common Stock and Target Preferred Stock, as applicable.  
(i) After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of
transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares
of Target Common Stock or Target Preferred Stock (other than the Target
Series B Preferred Stock) that were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates representing such
shares are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled and
exchanged for the applicable Merger Consideration as provided in this Article
I.   (j) If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Wildcat, the
posting by such person of a bond in such reasonable amount as Wildcat may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with  9 
9  respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange
for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration and
any unpaid dividends and distributions in respect thereof and any cash in
lieu of fractional shares of Wildcat Common Stock, in each case pursuant to
this Agreement.   1.10 Adjustments. (a) If, between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Target Common
Stock or Target Preferred Stock shall have been changed into a different
number of shares or a different class of shares by reason of any
reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, subdivision, stock dividend,
combination, exchange of shares or similar adjustment, or if any such
transaction shall be declared with a record date within such period, the
consideration to be paid in the Merger in exchange for each outstanding share
of Target Common Stock or Target Preferred Stock as provided in this
Agreement shall be correspondingly adjusted.   (b) If, between the date of
this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Wildcat
Common Stock shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a
different class by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-
up, subdivision, stock dividend, combination, exchange of shares or similar
adjustment, or if any such transaction shall be declared with a record date
within such period, the Common Stock Merger Consideration to be paid in the
Merger in exchange for each outstanding share of Target Common Stock as
provided in this Agreement shall be correspondingly adjusted. In addition, in
the event Wildcat pays (or establishes a record date for payment of) any
dividend on, or makes any other distribution in respect of, Wildcat Common
Stock, the Common Stock Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted
to reflect such dividend or distribution.    ARTICLE II   REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET   Except (i) with respect to matters contemplated
by Section 4.1, (ii) as disclosed in Target SEC Documents filed and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Target Filed SEC
Documents"), or (iii) as set forth on the disclosure schedule delivered by
Target to Wildcat prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Target
Disclosure Schedule"), Target represents and warrants to Wildcat as
follows:   2.1 Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. Target and each
of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the requisite corporate or
other power and authority, as the case may be, to carry on its business as
now being  10  10  conducted. Each of Target and its Subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or
operation of its properties makes such qualification or licensing necessary,
except for those jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or
licensed or to be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. Copies of
Target\'s Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, in each case as amended
to and in effect on the date of this Agreement, have been filed as exhibits
to the Target Filed SEC Documents.   2.2 Capital Structure. (a) The
authorized capital stock of Target consists of 152,000,000 shares of capital
stock consisting of: (1) 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01
per share (the "Target Common Stock"), and (2) 2,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $1.00 per share, of which (A) 600,000 shares have been
designated as the Target Series B Preferred Stock, (B) 69,000 shares have
been designated as the Target Series D Preferred Stock, (C) 87,500 shares
have been designated as the Target Series E Preferred Stock, (D) 92,000
shares have been designated as the Target Series F Preferred Stock, (E)
200,000 shares have been designated as the Target Series G Preferred Stock
and (F) 40,000 shares have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock, par
value $1.00 per share (the "Target Series C Preferred Stock"). At the close
of business on August 25, 2000, (i) 54,170,682 shares of Target Common Stock
were issued and outstanding; (ii) no shares of Target Common Stock were held
by Target in its treasury; (iii) 466,062 shares of the Target Series
B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; (iv) 53,724 shares of the
Target Series D Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; (v) 64,047
shares of the Target Series E Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding;
(vi) 79,600 shares of the Target Series F Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding; (vii) 200,000 shares of the Target Series G Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding; (viii) 40,000 shares of the Target Series C Preferred
Stock were reserved for issuance in connection with the rights (the "Target
Rights") to purchase shares of the Target Series C Preferred Stock issued
pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of March 7, 1996 (as amended, the
"Target Rights Agreement"), between Target and Continental Stock Transfer and
Trust Company, as rights agent; (ix) no other shares of Target Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding; (x) 2,200,000 shares of Target Common
Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to three warrants issued and
outstanding to purchase Target Common Stock (the "Target Warrants"); (xi)
12,363,567 shares of Target Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant
to Target\'s 1992 Stock Option Plan, 1996 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 1997
Equity Participation Plan for the Benefit of Employees of Dove (as defined in
Section 2.2(b)), and 1997 Stock Option Plan for the Benefit of Employees of
Dove (collectively, the "Target Stock Plans") (of which 9,437,582 shares of
Target Common Stock are subject to outstanding stock options or other rights
to purchase or to receive Target Common Stock granted under the Target Stock
Plans (collectively, "Target Stock Options")); and (xii) 22,530,969 shares of
Target Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of (A) the
Target Series D Preferred Stock, (B) the  11  11  Target Series E
Preferred Stock, (C) the Target Series F Preferred Stock and (D) the Target
Series G Preferred Stock. Since August 25, 2000, and prior to the date
hereof, no shares of capital stock of, or any other interest in, or
any options, warrants, convertible, exchangeable or similar securities or
other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments relating to the capital
stock of, Target were issued other than in connection with the exercise of
Target Stock Options and Target Warrants in accordance with their respective
terms. Other than Target Preferred Stock, regularly scheduled dividend
payments on the Target Preferred Stock, the Target Stock Options and the
Target Warrants, there are no options, warrants, convertible, exchangeable or
similar securities or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments
of any character relating to the capital stock of Target or obligating Target
to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or any other interest in,
Target. No bonds, debentures or other indebtedness having the right to vote
on any matter on which stockholders of Target may vote are issued or
outstanding or subject to issuance. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations of Target to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of capital stock of Target or to provide funds to, or make any investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any other Person.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Target are, and all such
shares that may be issued will be, when issued duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.   (b) The authorized capital stock of
Digex, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("Dove"), consists of 100,000,000
shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $.01 per share ("Dove Class A
Common Stock"), of which 24,303,163 shares are issued and outstanding,
50,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.01 per share ("Dove
Class B Common Stock" and, together with Dove Class A Common Stock, "Dove
Common Stock"), of which 39,350,000 shares are issued and outstanding and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, of which
100,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
all of which are issued and outstanding. As of August 25, 2000, (i)
15,000,000 shares of Dove Class A Common Stock were reserved for issuance
pursuant to Dove\'s 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Dove Stock Plan") (of
which 8,405,507 shares of Dove Class A Common Stock are subject to
outstanding stock options or other rights to purchase or to receive Dove
Class A Common Stock granted under the Dove Stock Plan (collectively,
"Dove Stock Options")), and (ii) 1,065,000 shares of Dove Class A Common
Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to 1,065,000 warrants issued and
outstanding to purchase Dove Common Stock (the "Dove Warrants").   2.3
Subsidiaries. Section 2.3 of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list of each of Target\'s Subsidiaries as of the date hereof.
All the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in,
each Subsidiary of Target have been validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable and are owned directly or indirectly by Target, free and clear
of all Encumbrances. Other than the Dove Stock Options and Dove Warrants,
there are no options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or  12  12  commitments of any character relating
to the capital stock of any Subsidiary of Target or obligating any Subsidiary
of Target to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or, or any other
interest in, such Subsidiary. There are no outstanding contractual
obligations on the part of any Subsidiary of Target to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or to provide funds to, or
make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in, any other Person. Except for the capital stock or other
ownership interests of its Subsidiaries, as of the date hereof, Target does
not beneficially own directly or indirectly any material capital
stock, membership interest, partnership interest, joint venture interest or
other material equity interest in any person.   2.4 Authority. Target has
the requisite corporate power and corporate authority to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to
the receipt of the Target Stockholder Approval. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Target, subject to receipt of the Target Stockholder Approval. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Target and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery by each of the other parties
hereto, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Target,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and
similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and remedies generally, and
subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity, including
principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in
equity).   2.5 No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and compliance with the provisions hereof will not, conflict with, or
result in any violation of or default under (with or without notice or lapse
of time or both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or result in the
creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of Target or
any of its Subsidiaries under (i) the organizational documents of Target or
any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit,
concession, franchise, license or similar authorization applicable to Target
or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets or (iii)
subject to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in Section
2.6, any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation
applicable to Target or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any
such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, losses or Encumbrances that,
individually or in the aggregate, are not reasonably likely to (x) have a
Material Adverse Effect on Target or (y) prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  13 
13   2.6 Consents; Approvals. No consent, approval, order or authorization
of, action by or in respect of, or registration, declaration or filing with,
any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to Target or any of
its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Target or the consummation by Target of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for (i) the filing of a
premerger notification and report form by Target under the HSR Act and any
applicable filings and approvals under similar foreign antitrust or
competition laws and regulations; (ii) the filing with the SEC of the Proxy
Statement and such reports under Section 13(a), 13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) of the
Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) the filing of: (A) the
Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary of State, (B) appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Target is
qualified to do business, and (C) such filings with Governmental Authorities
as are necessary to satisfy the applicable requirements of state securities
or "blue sky" laws; (iv) filings with and approvals of the Federal
Communications Commission (the "FCC") as required under the Communications
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act"), and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder; (v) filings with and approvals of any
state public utility commissions ("PUCs") or similar regulatory bodies as
required by applicable statutes, laws, rules, ordinances and regulations; and
(vi) such other consents, approvals, orders or authorizations the failure of
which to be made or obtained, individually or in the aggregate, is not
reasonably likely to (x) have a Material Adverse Effect on Target or (y)
prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.   2.7 SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities. Target has
filed all required reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated therein)
with the SEC since January 1, 1998, and Dove has filed all such reports since
August 1, 1999 (collectively, the "Target SEC Documents"). As of their
respective dates, the Target SEC Documents complied as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to such Target SEC Documents, and none of the Target
SEC Documents when filed (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date of this Agreement, as of the date of such filing) contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Except to the extent that information contained in any Target SEC
Document has been revised or superseded by a later filed Target SEC Document,
none of the Target SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
financial statements included in the Target SEC Documents comply as to form,
as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects
with the applicable accounting requirements and the published rules  14 
14  and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto ("Accounting Rules"),
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited
statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
thereto) and fairly present in all material respects the respective
consolidated financial position of Target and Dove and their respective
consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their respective
consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then
ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal recurring
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes if applicable).
Except (i) as reflected in the Target Filed SEC Documents or (ii) for
liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, neither Target nor any of its Subsidiaries
has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise) that would be required to be disclosed on a balance
sheet of Target and its consolidated Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto
prepared in accordance with GAAP which, individually or in the aggregate, are
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.   2.8
Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
Target specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading or (ii) the Proxy Statement will,
at the date it is first mailed to the stockholders of Target or at the time
of the Target Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement
will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
No representation or warranty is made by Target with respect to statements
made or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement based on information
supplied by Wildcat specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference
in the Proxy Statement.   2.9 No Material Adverse Effect. Except for
liabilities incurred in connection with or expressly permitted by this
Agreement, since June 30, 2000, there has not been (1) any event, occurrence
or development (other than those relating to the economy or securities
markets in general or the industries in which Target and its Subsidiaries
operate in general or resulting from the announcement of this Agreement)
which has resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on Target, (2) any declaration, setting aside or payment of
any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with
respect to any of Target\'s capital stock, except for dividends or other
distributions declared, set aside or paid by Target as required by and in
accordance with the respective terms of such capital stock as of the date
hereof, (3) any split, combination or reclassification of any of Target\'s
capital stock or  15  15  any issuance or the authorization of any
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for shares of Target\'s capital stock and (4) (A) any granting by Target or
any of its Subsidiaries to any current or former director, executive officer
or other employee of Target or its Subsidiaries of any increase in
compensation, bonus or other benefits, except for increases in cash
compensation and other non-equity-based benefits in the ordinary course of
business or as was required by law or under any employment agreement in
effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included in the Target Filed SEC Documents, (B) any granting by Target or any
of its Subsidiaries to any such current or former director, executive officer
or employee of any increase in severance or termination pay, (C) any entry by
Target or any of its Subsidiaries into, or any amendments of, any employment,
deferred compensation, consulting, severance, termination or indemnification
agreement with any such current or former director, executive officer or
employee or (D) any amendment to, or modification of, any Target Stock Plans,
Target Stock Options or Target Warrants.   2.10 Litigation. There is no
suit, action, proceeding, claim, grievance or investigation pending or, to
the Knowledge of Target or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or
affecting Target or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the
aggregate, is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target,
nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator outstanding against Target or any of its
Subsidiaries having, or that is reasonably likely to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Target. There are no facts,
circumstances or conditions that are reasonably likely to give rise to any
liability of, or form the basis of a claim against, Target or any of
its Subsidiaries under any applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules
or regulations, which liability or claim is reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Target.  
2.11 Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote (the "Target Stockholder
Approval") of (i) the holders of a majority of the voting power represented
by the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock and Target Series
G Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class, entitled to vote at
the Target Stockholders Meeting to adopt this Agreement and (ii) the holders
of a majority of the voting power represented by the outstanding shares of
the Target Series G Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, entitled to
vote at the Target Stockholders Meeting to adopt this Agreement, are the only
votes of the holders of any class or series of Target\'s capital stock
necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No other approval of the
stockholders of Target is required with respect to this Agreement, the
Stockholders Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby.   2.12 Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
other person, other than Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc. and Credit Suisse
First Boston Corporation, the fees,  16  16  commissions and expenses of
each of which will be paid by Target, is entitled to any broker\'s,
finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar fee or commission, or the
reimbursement of expenses, in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, based upon arrangements made by or on behalf
of Target.   2.13 Opinion of Financial Advisor. Target has received
the opinion of Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc., dated the date of this Agreement, to
the effect that, as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Target Common Stock.   2.14
Approval of Boards of Directors. The Board of Directors of Target has
approved the terms of this Agreement, the Voting Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Voting Agreement. The Board of Directors of Dove has approved the Merger and
the transactions pursuant to which Wildcat and Merger Sub would become
interested shareholders under Section 203 under the DGCL. Such approvals
represent all the action necessary to ensure that the restrictions on
"business combinations" (as defined in such Section 203 of the DGCL)
contained in Section 203 of the DGCL do not apply to Wildcat or Merger Sub in
respect of Target or Dove in connection with the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Voting Agreement. To the
Knowledge of Target, no other state takeover statute or similar statute or
regulation is applicable to this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Merger
or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Voting
Agreement.   2.15 Compliance with Applicable Laws. Target and
its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,
orders, registrations and approvals of all Governmental Authorities which are
required for them to own, lease or operate their assets and to carry on their
businesses (the "Target Permits"), except where the failure to hold any
thereof is not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Target. Target and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms of the Target Permits and all applicable statutes,
laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, except where the failure so to
comply is not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Target.   2.16 Absence of Changes in Target
Benefit Plans. Since June 30, 2000, there has not been any adoption or
amendment by Target or any of its Subsidiaries of any employment agreement
with any director, officer or employee of Target or any of its Subsidiaries
or of any collective bargaining agreement or any adoption or amendment of any
Target Benefit Plans which, in each case, are reasonably likely to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Target.  17 
17   ARTICLE III   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF WILDCAT   Except as
disclosed in the Wildcat SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to
the date of this Agreement (the "Wildcat Filed SEC Documents"), Wildcat
represents and warrants to Target as follows:   3.1 Organization, Standing
and Corporate Power. Each of Wildcat and its Subsidiaries is a corporation or
other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has the
requisite corporate or other power and authority, as the case may be, to
carry on its business as now being conducted. Each of Wildcat and its
Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except for those jurisdictions in which the failure to
be so qualified or licensed or to be in good standing, individually or in the
aggregate, is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Wildcat. Copies of Wildcat\'s Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, in
each case as amended to and in effect on the date of this Agreement, have
been filed as exhibits to the Wildcat SEC Documents.   3.2 Capital
Structure. The authorized capital stock of Wildcat consists of 5,000,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share ("Wildcat Common Stock"), of
which 2,881,952,220 shares are issued and outstanding, and 50,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share, of which 10,757,448 shares are
issued or outstanding. As of the date hereof, there are 369,051,165 options,
warrants, convertible securities or other rights, agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any character relating to the capital stock of Wildcat or
obligating Wildcat to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or any
other interest in, Wildcat. As of the date hereof, there are 879,825
incentive stock units outstanding. As of the date hereof, there are
no outstanding contractual obligations of Wildcat to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of Wildcat. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of Wildcat are, and all such shares that
may be issued will be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.   3.3 Authority. Wildcat has the requisite
corporate power and corporate authority to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on
the part of Wildcat. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
Wildcat and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each
of the other parties hereto, constitutes the  18  18  legal, valid and
binding obligations of Wildcat, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors\' rights and
remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles
of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and
fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at
law or in equity).   3.4 No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement does not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and compliance with the provisions hereof will not, conflict
with, or result in any violation of or default under (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both), or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or
result in the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the properties or
assets of Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries under (i) the organizational
documents of Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit
agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement,
instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license or similar authorization
applicable to Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other
matters referred to in Section 3.6, any judgment, order, decree, statute,
law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Wildcat or any of its
Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the
case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
defaults, rights, losses or Encumbrances that, individually or in the
aggregate, are not reasonably likely to (x) have a Material Adverse Effect on
Wildcat or (y) prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   3.5 Consents; Approvals. No
consent, approval, order or authorization of, action by or in respect of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority is
required by or with respect to Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Wildcat or
the consummation by Wildcat of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except for (i) the filing of a premerger notification and report
form by Wildcat under the HSR Act and any applicable filings and approvals
under similar foreign antitrust or competition laws and regulations; (ii) the
filing with the SEC of the Form S-4 and such reports under Section 13(a),
13(d), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(iii) the filing of: (A) the Certificate of Merger with the
Delaware Secretary of State, (B) appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which Wildcat is qualified to do business and
(C) such filings with Governmental Authorities as are necessary to satisfy
the applicable requirements of state securities or "blue sky" laws; (iv)
filings with and approvals of the FCC as required under the Communications
Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (v) filings with
and approvals of any PUCs or similar regulatory bodies as required by
applicable statutes, laws, rules, ordinances and regulations; (vi) filings
with and  19  19  approvals of the Nasdaq National Market to permit the
shares of Wildcat Common Stock issued as Common Stock Merger Consideration to
be listed for trading; and (vii) such other consents, approvals, orders or
authorizations the failure of which to be made or obtained, individually or
in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to (x) have a Material Adverse
Effect on Wildcat or (y) prevent or materially delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.   3.6 SEC Documents;
Undisclosed Liabilities. Wildcat has filed all required reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents (including exhibits and all other
information incorporated therein) with the SEC since January 1, 1998
(collectively, the "Wildcat SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates,
the Wildcat SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may
be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to such Wildcat SEC Documents, and none of the Wildcat
SEC Documents when filed (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date of this Agreement, as of the date of such filing) contained any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. Except to the extent that information contained in any Wildcat
SEC Document has been revised or superseded by a later filed Wildcat SEC
Document, none of the Wildcat SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of
a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial
statements of Wildcat included in the Wildcat SEC Documents comply as to
form, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material
respects with the Accounting Rules, have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q
of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except
as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of Wildcat and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to normal recurring year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes if applicable). Except (i) as reflected in the
Wildcat Filed SEC Documents or (ii) for liabilities incurred in connection
with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
neither Wildcat nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or
otherwise) that would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of
Wildcat and its consolidated Subsidiaries or the footnotes thereto prepared
in accordance with GAAP which individually or in the aggregate are reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Wildcat.   3.7 Information
Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied  20  20  by
Wildcat specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i)
the Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading or (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at
the date it is first mailed to the stockholders of Target or at the time of
the Target Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Form S-4 and the
Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. No
representation or warranty is made by Wildcat with respect to statements made
or incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement based on
information supplied by Target specifically for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, as the case may be.   3.8
Absence of Material Adverse Effect. Except for liabilities incurred in
connection with or expressly permitted by this Agreement, since June 30,
2000, there has not been any event, occurrence or development (other
than those relating to the economy or securities markets in general or the
industries in which Wildcat and its Subsidiaries operate in general or
resulting from the announcement of this Agreement) which has resulted in or
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
Wildcat.   3.9 Litigation. There is no suit, action, proceeding,
claim, grievance or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of Wildcat or
any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting Wildcat or any of
its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Wildcat, nor is there any judgment,
decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator
outstanding against Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries having, or that is
reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Wildcat. There are no facts, circumstances or conditions
that are reasonably likely to give rise to any liability of, or form the
basis of a claim against, Wildcat or any of its Subsidiaries under any
applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules or regulations, which liability
or claim is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on Wildcat.   3.10 Brokers. No broker, investment
banker, financial advisor or other person, other than Chase Securities Inc.,
the fees, commissions and expenses of which will be paid by Wildcat, is
entitled to any broker\'s, finder\'s, financial advisor\'s or other similar
fee or commission, or the reimbursement of expenses, in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, based upon arrangements made by
or on behalf of Wildcat.  21  21   3.11 Shares of Wildcat Common Stock and
Wildcat Preferred Stock. At the Effective Time, the shares of Wildcat Common
Stock and Wildcat Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger will be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be
delivered free and clear of all Encumbrances.    ARTICLE IV  
COVENANTS   4.1 Conduct of Business by Target. Except as set forth in
the Target Disclosure Schedule, as contemplated by this Agreement or with the
prior written consent of Wildcat, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned, from the date hereof to the Effective Time,
(i) Target shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (other than Dove) to,
carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice, and (ii) Target, solely in its capacity as a stockholder of
Dove, shall not vote its shares of Dove in any meeting or by written consent,
shall use its best efforts to ensure that its representatives on Dove\'s
Board of Directors not vote or act by written consent (or, if such best
efforts are insufficient, use its best efforts to remove its
representatives), to cause or permit Dove to take any of the actions set
forth in paragraphs (a) - (l) of this Section 4.1 relating to Target and its
Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the
period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, except as set forth in the
Target Disclosure Schedule, as contemplated by this Agreement or with the
prior written consent of Wildcat, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned, Target shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries (other than Dove) to:   (a) amend its certificate of
incorporation or By-Laws;   (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell,
deliver, grant  any options for, pledge, encumber, or otherwise agree  or
commit to issue, sell or deliver any shares of any  class of its capital
stock or any securities  convertible into shares of any class of its
capital  stock, except (i) for dividends and distributions  declared, set
aside or paid by Target in accordance  with the respective terms of its
capital stock as of  the date hereof, (ii) pursuant to and in accordance 
with the present terms of currently outstanding  convertible securities,
warrants and options of  Target, (iii) for the issuance of employee options
to  purchase shares of (x) Target Common Stock in the  ordinary course of
business in the aggregate not to  exceed 750,000 shares in any calendar
quarter (net of  option cancellations made during such quarter), and  the
issuance of shares of Target Common Stock upon  the  22  22   exercise
thereof and (y) Dove Class A Common Stock in  the ordinary course of business
in the aggregate not  to exceed 500,000 shares in any calendar quarter (net 
of option cancellations made during such quarter),  and the issuance of
shares of Dove Class A Common  Stock upon the exercise thereof and (iv)
pursuant to  Section 4.25;   (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of
its  capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any dividend  or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or  property or any combination thereof)
in respect of  its capital stock or purchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire
any shares of its own capital stock or of any  of its Subsidiaries, or any
rights, warrants or  options to acquire any such shares except for (i) the 
purchase from time to time by Target of Target Common  Stock in the ordinary
course of business in  connection with the cashless exercise of options or 
the funding of employee incentive plans, profit  sharing plans or other
benefit plans of Target, (ii)  dividends and distributions declared, set
aside or  paid by Target in accordance with the respective  terms of its
capital stock as of the date hereof, and  (iii) dividends and distributions
(including  liquidating distributions) by a direct or indirect  Subsidiary
of Target to its parent;   (d) (i) create, incur, assume, maintain or permit
to  exist any debt for borrowed money other than (A)  under the Revolving
Credit Agreement among Target,  Bank of America, N.A. and the other lenders
named  therein, dated as of December 22, 1999 (the "Credit  Facility"), in
accordance with its present terms in  the ordinary course of business, (B)
intercompany  indebtedness between Target and any of its wholly  owned
Subsidiaries or between such wholly owned  Subsidiaries and (C) intercompany
indebtedness  between Target or any of its wholly owned  Subsidiaries, on
the one hand, and Dove, on the other  hand, to fund operating expenses in the
ordinary  course of business consistent with past practice;  (ii) assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become  liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently  or otherwise) for the obligations of any other
Person  except for Target pursuant to the Credit Facility; or  (iii) make
any loans, advances or capital  contributions to, or investments in, any
other Person  (other than advances to employees of Target and its 
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business);   (e) (i) increase in any
manner the cash compensation and  other non-equity based benefits of (x) any
employee  except in the ordinary course of business consistent  with past
practice or (y) any of its directors or  23  23   executive officers; (ii)
pay or agree to pay any  pension, retirement allowance or other employee 
benefit not required, or enter into or agree to enter  into any agreement or
arrangement with any director  or officer or employee, whether past or
present,  relating to any such pension, retirement allowance or  other
employee benefit, except as required under  currently existing agreements,
plans or arrangements  in accordance with their present terms; (iii) grant 
any severance or termination pay to, or enter into  any employment or
severance agreement with, any  director, executive officer or employee,
except as  required under currently existing plans in accordance  with their
present terms; or (iv) except as may be  required to comply with applicable
law, become  obligated under any new pension plan, welfare plan, 
multiemployer plan, employee benefit plan, benefit  arrangement, or similar
plan or arrangement, that was  not in existence on the date hereof, including
any  bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, stock  purchase, stock option,
stock appreciation right,  group insurance, severance pay, retirement or
other  benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, or employment  or consulting
agreement with or for the benefit of  any person, or amend, terminate or take
any  discretionary action with respect to any of such  plans or any of such
agreements in existence on the  date hereof; provided, however, that this
clause (iv)  shall not prohibit Target or its Subsidiaries from  renewing
any such plan, agreement or arrangement  already in existence on terms no
more favorable to  the parties to such plan, agreement or arrangement;  
(f) authorize, recommend, propose or announce an  intention to authorize,
recommend or propose, or  enter into any agreement in principle or an
agreement  with respect to, any plan of liquidation or  dissolution, any
acquisition (including by merger,  consolidation or otherwise) of assets or
securities  (other than purchases of raw materials or supplies in  the
ordinary course of business), any sale, transfer,  lease, license,
Encumbrance, or other disposition of  assets or securities (other than (i)
sales or  licenses of finished goods and services in the  ordinary course of
business, (ii) any Encumbrance  granted pursuant to the Credit Facility as in
effect  on the date of this Agreement or (iii) pursuant to  Section 4.25),
or any release or relinquishment of  any material contract rights;   (g)
authorize or commit to make capital expenditures for  Target and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis  in excess of $165 million per calendar
quarter, with  unused amounts being rolled over to succeeding  quarters; 
24  24   (h) make any change in the accounting methods or  accounting
practices followed by Target;   (i) settle any action, suit, claim,
investigation or  proceeding (legal, administrative or arbitrative) in 
excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate for all such  matters above the amount
of any specific reserves  included in Target\'s financial statements;   (j)
enter into, amend or expand any agreement with any  backbone network provider
relating to the use by  Target or any of its Subsidiaries of any backbone 
network other than Wildcat\'s network, except after  offering Wildcat a
reasonable opportunity to timely  provide Target with adequate backbone
network  capacity on market terms (including pricing and  timely
provisioning of access to Target\'s  points-of-presence);   (k) make any
election under the Code which, individually  or in the aggregate, is
reasonably likely to have a  Material Adverse Effect on Target or settle or 
compromise any material tax liability; or   (l) agree to do any of the
foregoing.   4.2 Intentionally Omitted.   4.3 No Solicitation. (a) From
the date hereof to the Effective Time, Target shall not, nor shall it permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize any of its directors,
officers or employees or any investment banker, financial advisor, attorney,
accountant or other representative retained by it to, directly or indirectly
through another Person, (i) solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way
of furnishing information), or take any other action designed to facilitate,
the making of any proposal that constitutes a Takeover Proposal, or (ii)
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Takeover
Proposal. Target shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated all
existing discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Takeover Proposal and request the prompt return or
destruction of all confidential information previously furnished.
Target shall not release any third party from, or waive any provision of,
any confidentiality or standstill agreement to which Target is a
party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if prior to the date the Target
Stockholder Approval is obtained, Target receives a Takeover Proposal, Target
may, to the extent the Board of Directors of Target determines in good faith
that there is a reasonable likelihood that such Takeover Proposal would
constitute a Superior Proposal, participate in discussions or negotiations
with, or provide information to, any Person in response to such Takeover
Proposal. In such event, Target shall (i) prior to participating in any such
discussions or negotiations or providing any information,  25  25  inform
Wildcat of the material terms and conditions of such Takeover
Proposal, including the identity of the Person making such Takeover Proposal,
and (ii) keep Wildcat reasonably informed of the status of any such Takeover
Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, "Takeover Proposal" means any bona
fide proposal or offer from any Person relating to any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase of a business that constitutes 35% or more of the net
revenues, net income or the assets of Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or 35% or more of the voting power of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries, any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would
result in any Person beneficially owning 35% or more of the voting power of
Target or any of its Subsidiaries, or any merger, consolidation, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transaction involving Target or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which any
third party or the shareholders of any third party would own 35% or more of
the voting power of Target or any resulting parent company of Target, other
than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any Takeover Proposal which the Board of
Directors of Target determines in good faith (based on the advice of
a financial advisor), taking into account the estimated time required
to consummate the offer, the Person making the offer and the legal,
financial, regulatory and other aspects of the offer deemed appropriate by
the Board of Directors of Target, is reasonably capable of being completed,
and if consummated, would result in a transaction that provides consideration
to the holders of Target Common Stock with a greater value than the
consideration payable in the Merger.   (b) Neither the Board of Directors
of Target nor any committee thereof shall (i) except, prior to the date the
Target Stockholder Approval is obtained, to the extent the Board of Directors
of Target determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel)
that such action would be prudent to assure compliance with their fiduciary
obligations, and subject to providing three business days\' prior written
notice to Wildcat, (x) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or
modify, in a manner adverse to Wildcat, the approval or recommendation by
such Board of Directors or such committee of the Merger or this Agreement or
(y) approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
Takeover Proposal, or (ii) cause Target to enter into any acquisition
agreement or other similar agreement (an "Acquisition Agreement") related to
any Takeover Proposal.   (c) In addition to the obligations of Target
set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 4.3, Target shall
immediately advise Wildcat orally and in writing of any request for
information or of any Takeover Proposal, the material terms and conditions of
such request or Takeover Proposal and the identity of the person making such
request or Takeover Proposal. Target will keep Wildcat informed of the status
and details (including amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request
or Takeover Proposal.   (d) Nothing contained in this Section 4.3
shall prohibit Target from    26  26     taking and disclosing to
its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 or 14e-2 promulgated
under the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to Target\'s
stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of
Target, after consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose
would be inconsistent with its obligations under applicable law; provided,
however, that neither Target nor its Board of Directors nor any committee
thereof shall withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify,
its position with respect to this Agreement or the Merger or approve or
recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, a Takeover
Proposal.   4.4 Compliance with Conditions Precedent, Etc. Each of
the parties will use its best efforts to cause the conditions precedent to
the Merger set forth in Article V to be fulfilled and, subject to the terms
and conditions herein provided, to take, or cause to be taken, all action,
and to do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger, including to lift
any injunction or remove any other impediment to the consummation of such
transactions or the Merger. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, the proper officers and/or directors of the parties hereto shall
take all such necessary action. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
require Wildcat or Target to agree to, or proffer to, divest or hold separate
(x) any assets or any portion of any business of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries if the Board of Directors of Wildcat determines that so doing
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target, (y)
any assets or any portion of any business of Wildcat or any of its
Subsidiaries or (z) any assets of or any portion of Target\'s ownership
interests in Dove. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Target
shall give Wildcat the opportunity to participate in the defense of any
litigation against Target and/or its directors relating to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Voting Agreement.   4.5 Certain
Notifications. At all times from the date hereof until the Effective Time,
each party shall promptly notify the others in writing of the occurrence of
any event which will or may result in the failure to satisfy the conditions
specified in Article V.   4.6 Expenses. (a) Except as set forth in this
Section 4.6, whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expense.   (b) In the
event that (i) following the date of this Agreement and prior to the date of
the Target Stockholders Meeting, a Takeover Proposal shall have been made to
Target or shall have been made directly to the stockholders of Target
generally or shall have otherwise become publicly known or any Person shall
have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make a
Takeover Proposal and thereafter this Agreement is  27 
27     terminated by either Wildcat or Target pursuant to Section 6.1(d)
without a Target Stockholders Meeting having occurred or Section 6.1(e), or
(ii) this Agreement is terminated by Wildcat pursuant to Section 6.1(g), then
Target shall pay Wildcat a termination fee equal to $135 million (the
"Termination Fee"), payable by wire transfer of same-day funds within two
business days of the date of such termination; provided, however, that no
Termination Fee shall be payable to Wildcat pursuant to clause (i) of this
paragraph (b) unless and until within 12 months of such termination Target
enters into any Acquisition Agreement with respect to, or consummates, any
Takeover Proposal, in which event the Termination Fee shall be payable upon
the first to occur of the entering into such Acquisition Agreement or the
consummation of such Takeover Proposal.   (c) All stock transfer, real
estate transfer, documentary, stamp, recording and other similar taxes
(including interest, penalties and additions to any such taxes) incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be paid by Target.   4.7 Public Announcements. Wildcat and Target shall
consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making
any public statements with respect to this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated herein and shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required
by law or any listing agreement with the Nasdaq National Market or any
exchange upon which the capital stock of Wildcat is listed.   4.8
Preparation of the Form S-4 and Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meetings. (a)
As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, Wildcat and
Target shall prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement, and Wildcat
shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy
Statement, will be included as a prospectus. Each of Target and Wildcat shall
use reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 declared effective under the
Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the
Form S-4 effective for so long as necessary to complete the Merger. Target
will use all reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to
Target\'s stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4
is declared effective under the Securities Act. Wildcat shall take any
action (other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it
is not now so qualified or to file a general consent to service of process)
required to be taken under any applicable state securities laws in connection
with the issuance of Wildcat Common Stock and Wildcat Preferred Stock
(including the issuance by Wildcat of depositary shares with respect thereto)
in the Merger, and Target shall furnish all information concerning Target as
may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action. No filing of,
or amendment or supplement to, or correspondence to the SEC or its staff with
respect to the Form S-4 will be made by Wildcat, or with respect to the Proxy
Statement will be made by Wildcat or Target, without providing the other
party a reasonable  28  28     opportunity to review and comment
thereon. Wildcat will advise Target, promptly after it receives notice
thereof, of the time when the Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement
or amendment thereto has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the
suspension of the qualification of the Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat
Preferred Stock issuable or issued in connection with the Merger for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the
Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto
or requests by the SEC for additional information and will, as promptly
as practicable, provide to Target copies of all correspondence and filings
with the SEC with respect to the Form S-4. Target will inform Wildcat,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for the
amendment of the Proxy Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or
requests by the SEC for additional information and will, as promptly as
practicable, provide to Wildcat copies of all correspondence and filings with
the SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement. If at any time prior to the
Effective Time any information relating to Target or Wildcat, or any of their
respective Affiliates, directors or officers, should be discovered by Target
or Wildcat that should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Form
S-4 or the Proxy Statement, so that any of such documents would not include
any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such
information shall promptly notify the other parties hereto, and an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information shall
be promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by law,
disseminated to the shareholders of Wildcat and Target.   (b) Target shall
(i) as soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, establish a
record date (which shall be as soon as practicable following the date of this
Agreement) for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
stockholders (the "Target Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining
the Target Stockholder Approval, (ii) through its Board of Directors,
recommend to its stockholders the approval and adoption of this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) use its
reasonable efforts to solicit the Target Stockholder Approval. Target agrees
that its obligations pursuant to clause (i) of the first sentence of this
Section 4.8(b) shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal,
public disclosure or communication to Target of any Takeover Proposal, and
such obligations shall not be affected by any action that Target takes under
Section 4.3(b).   4.9 Letters of Target\'s Accountants. Target shall
use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to Wildcat two letters from
Target\'s independent accountants, one dated a date within two business days
before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one dated a
date within two business days before the Effective Date, each addressed to
Wildcat, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Wildcat and
customary in scope and substance for comfort letters delivered by independent
public accountants in connection with registration  29 
29     statements similar to the Form S-4.   4.10 Letters of Wildcat\'s
Accountants. Wildcat shall use reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to
Target two letters from Wildcat\'s independent accountants, one dated a date
within two Business Days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become
effective and one dated a date within two Business Days before the Effective
Date, each addressed to Target, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Target and customary in scope and substance for comfort letters delivered
by independent public accountants in connection with registration statements
similar to the Form S-4.   4.11 HSR and Other Filings. Target and Wildcat
shall promptly make their respective filings and any other required or
requested submissions under the HSR Act and shall cooperate with one another
and use their best efforts, as required by and subject to Section 4.4, to
determine whether, in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, any other filings are required to be made
with, or any consents are required to be obtained from, any third party or
any Governmental Authority prior to the Effective Time and to make any such
filings promptly and to obtain any such consents on a timely basis.   4.12
Access to Information; Confidentiality. Subject to the existing
confidentiality agreement dated as of August 3, 2000 (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), among Target, Dove and Wildcat, upon reasonable notice, each of
Target and Wildcat shall, and shall cause each of its respective Subsidiaries
to, afford to the other party and to the officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives of such other party,
reasonable access during normal business hours during the period prior to the
Effective Time to all their respective properties, books,
contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such period, each
of Target and Wildcat shall, and shall cause each of its respective
Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to the other party all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as such other party may
reasonably request. Neither Target nor Wildcat shall be required to provide
access to or disclose information where such access or disclosure would
contravene any applicable law, rule, regulation, order or decree or would,
with respect to any pending matter, result in a waiver of the attorney-client
privilege or the protection afforded attorney work-product. Target and
Wildcat shall use reasonable efforts to obtain from third parties any
consents or waivers of confidentiality restrictions with respect to any such
information being provided by it. No review pursuant to this Section 4.12
shall have an effect for the purpose of determining the accuracy of any
representation or warranty given by any party hereto to the other
parties hereto. Each of Target and Wildcat will hold, and will cause its
respective officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and
other representatives and Affiliates to hold, any nonpublic information in
accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.  30 
30      4.13 Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance. (a)
Wildcat agrees that all rights to indemnification and exculpation from
liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
(and rights for advancement of expenses) now existing in favor of the current
or former directors or officers of Target or its Subsidiaries as provided in
their respective certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or comparable
organizational documents) and any indemnification or other agreements of
Target or its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date hereof shall be assumed
by Surviving Corporation in the Merger, without further action, as of the
Effective Time and shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force
and effect in accordance with their terms.   (b) In the event that Wildcat
or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of
such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or
substantially all its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each
such case, Wildcat shall cause proper provision to be made so that its
successors and assigns assume the obligations set forth in this Section
4.13.   (c) For six years from and after the Effective Time, Wildcat shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect directors\' and
officers\' liability insurance covering acts or omissions occurring prior
to the Effective Time covering each person currently covered by the
directors\' and officers\' liability insurance policy maintained by Target or
any Affiliate of Target on behalf of Target and its Subsidiaries on terms
with respect to such coverage and amounts no less favorable than those of
such policy in effect on the date hereof; provided that the Surviving
Corporation may substitute therefor other policies of at least the same
coverage and amount and such other terms which are, in the aggregate, no less
favorable to such directors and officers; provided, however, that in no event
shall the Surviving Corporation be required to pay aggregate premiums for
insurance under this Section 5.08(c) in excess of 200% of the amount of the
aggregate premiums paid by Target in 1999 for such purpose (which 1999
aggregate premiums Target represents and warrants to be $372,500); and
provided further that the Surviving Corporation shall nevertheless be
obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for such 200%
amount.   (d) The provisions of this Section 4.13 are (i) intended to be
for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each party currently covered
by such insurance or such indemnification agreements or provisions, his or
her heirs and his or her representatives and (ii) are in addition to, and not
in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that
any such person may have by contract or otherwise.   4.14 Stock Exchange
Listings. Wildcat shall use reasonable efforts to cause the Wildcat Common
Stock issuable in the Merger and issuable upon conversion and as dividends 
31  31     on the Wildcat Preferred Stock to be approved for listing on
the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of issuance, as
promptly as practicable after the date hereof, and in any event prior to the
Effective Date.   4.15 Tax Treatment. Each of Wildcat and Target shall
use reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368 of the Code.   4.16
Target Series B Preferred Stock. Prior to the Effective Time, Target shall
cause the Certificate of Designation for the Target Series B Preferred Stock
to be amended to provide that each share of Target Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to one-tenth of one vote per share on all matters, voting
together with the Target Common Stock and the other classes of Target voting
securities as a single class.   4.17 Target Stock Options and Warrants. (a)
As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Board of
Directors of Target (or, if appropriate, any committee administering Target
Stock Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions as may
be required to effect the following:   (i) adjust the terms of all
outstanding Target Stock Options,  whether vested or unvested, as necessary
to provide that, at the  Effective Time, each Target Stock Option outstanding
immediately prior  to the Effective Time shall be amended and converted into
an option to  acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable
under the  Target Stock Option, the number of shares of Wildcat Common
Stock  (rounded up to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying
the  number of shares of Target Common Stock subject to such Target Stock 
Option by the Exchange Ratio (assuming, for this purpose, that Wildcat 
failed to make the Wildcat Cash Election), at a price per share of  Wildcat
Common Stock equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price for the  shares of
Target Common Stock otherwise purchasable pursuant to such  Target Stock
Option divided by (B) the aggregate number of shares of  Wildcat Common Stock
deemed purchasable pursuant to such Target Stock  Option (each, as so
adjusted, an "Adjusted Option"); provided that such  exercise price shall be
rounded down to the nearest whole cent; and   (ii) make such other changes
to the Target Stock Plans as  Wildcat and Target may agree are appropriate to
give effect to the  Merger.   (b) The adjustments provided herein with
respect to any Target Stock Options to which Section 421(a) of the Code
applies shall be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is
consistent with Section 424(a) of the Code.  32  32      (c) At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without the need of any further
corporate action, each Target Stock Option outstanding at the Effective Time
shall be converted into an option relating to Wildcat Common Stock following
the Effective Time so as to substitute Wildcat Common Stock for Target Common
Stock purchasable thereunder (subject to the adjustments required by this
Section 4.17 after giving effect to the Merger).   (d) As soon as
practicable following the Effective Time, Wildcat shall prepare and file with
the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 (or another appropriate form)
registering a number of shares of Wildcat Common Stock equal to the number of
shares subject to the Adjusted Options. Such registration statement shall be
kept effective (and the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses
required thereby shall be maintained) at least for so long as any Adjusted
Options or any unsettled awards granted under Target Stock Plans after the
Effective Time may remain outstanding.   (e) As soon as practicable
following the Effective Time, Wildcat shall deliver to the holders of Target
Stock Options appropriate notices setting forth such holders\' rights
pursuant to the respective Target Stock Plans and the agreements evidencing
the grants of such Target Stock Options and that such Target Stock Options
and agreements shall be assumed by Wildcat and shall continue in effect on
the same terms and conditions (subject to the adjustments required by this
Section 4.17 after giving effect to the Merger and to vesting, if any, caused
by the Merger).   (f) Except as otherwise expressly provided in
this Section 4.17 and except to the extent required under the respective
terms of Target Stock Options, all restrictions or limitations on transfer
and vesting with respect to Target Stock Options awarded under Target Stock
Plans or any other plan, program or arrangement of Target or any of its
Subsidiaries, to the extent that such restrictions or limitations shall not
have already lapsed, and all other terms thereof, shall remain in full force
and effect with respect to such options after giving effect to the Merger and
the assumption by Wildcat as set forth above.   (g) At the Effective Time,
by virtue of the Merger and without the need for any further corporate
action, each Target Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be automatically converted into an option or warrant to acquire,
on the same terms and conditions, including registration rights, as were
applicable under such Target Warrant, the number of shares of Wildcat Common
Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying the
number of shares of Target Common Stock subject to such Target Warrant by the
Exchange Ratio (assuming, for this purpose, that Wildcat failed to make the
Wildcat Cash Election), at a price per share of Wildcat Common Stock equal to
(A) the aggregate exercise price for shares of Target Common Stock otherwise
purchasable pursuant to such Target Warrant divided by (B) the aggregate
number of shares of Wildcat Common Stock deemed purchasable  33 
33     pursuant to such Target Warrant; provided, however, that such
exercise price shall be rounded down to the nearest whole cent.   4.18
Employee Benefit Plans; Existing Agreements. (a) For the six-month period
following the Effective Date, Wildcat shall cause the Surviving Corporation
to either maintain the employee benefit programs (other than equity-based
arrangements) provided by Target and its Subsidiaries before the Effective
Time or replace all or any such programs with programs maintained
for similarly situated employees of Wildcat; provided that the aggregate
level of benefits (other than equity-based arrangements) provided to Target
employees during this period shall be substantially similar to the aggregate
level of benefits (other than equity-based arrangements) provided by Target
and its Subsidiaries before the Effective Time. To the extent that any
employee benefit plan of Wildcat or any of its Affiliates (a "Wildcat Plan")
becomes applicable to any employee or former employee of Target or its
Subsidiaries, Wildcat shall grant, or cause to be granted, to such employees
or former employees credit for their service with Target and its Subsidiaries
(and any of their predecessors) for the purpose of determining eligibility to
participate and nonforfeitability of benefits under such Wildcat Plan and for
purposes of benefit accrual under vacation and severance pay plans (but only
to the extent such service was credited under similar plans of Target and its
Subsidiaries).   (b) With respect to any Wildcat Plan that is a welfare
benefit plan and is made available to individuals who immediately prior to
the Effective Time were employees of Target or any of its Subsidiaries
(a "Wildcat Welfare Plan"), Wildcat shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
(i) waive any waiting periods, pre-existing condition exclusions
and actively-at-work requirements to the extent such provisions were
inapplicable immediately before such Wildcat Welfare Plan was so made
available and (ii) provide that any eligible expenses incurred by any such
individual and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan
year of the corresponding Target Benefit Plan ending on the date such plan
was made available shall be taken into account for purposes of satisfying
applicable deductible, co-insurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements
applicable to such individual and his or her covered dependents for the
applicable plan year as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such
Wildcat Welfare Plan.   (c) Subject to compliance by Wildcat with
its obligations under Sections 4.18(a) and 4.18(b), nothing contained in
this Section 4.18 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be construed to
prevent the termination of employment of any individual employee of Target
and its Subsidiaries or any change in the employee benefits available to any
such individual employee or the amendment or termination of any particular
Target Benefit Plan to the extent permitted by its terms as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time.   4.19 Section 16 Matters. Prior
to the Effective Time, Wildcat and Target shall  34  34     take all
such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of Target Common
Stock or Target Preferred Stock (including derivative securities with respect
to Target Common Stock or Target Preferred Stock) or acquisitions of Wildcat
Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock (including derivative securities with
respect to Wildcat Common Stock or Wildcat Preferred Stock) resulting
from the transactions contemplated by Article I and Section 4.17 of this
Agreement by each Person who is subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Target, to be exempt under
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.   4.20 Voting Agreement
Legend. Target will inscribe upon any certificate representing shares of
capital stock subject to the Voting Agreement tendered by a stockholder in
connection with any proposed transfer of such shares by such stockholder in
accordance with the terms of the Voting Agreement, the following legend: "THE
SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE, OF INTERMEDIA
COMMUNICATIONS INC., REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A VOTING
AGREEMENT DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2000, AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE
TERMS THEREOF. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF INTERMEDIA COMMUNICATIONS INC."; and Target will return
such certificate containing such inscription to such Stockholder within
three business days following Target\'s receipt thereof.   4.21 Target
Rights Agreement. The Board of Directors of Target shall take all action
necessary or desirable (including redeeming the Target Rights immediately
prior to the Effective Time or amending the Target Rights Agreement) in order
to render the Target Rights inapplicable to the Merger and to the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Voting Agreement to the
extent provided herein.   4.22 Target Securities. Following the Effective
Time, Wildcat shall comply with the applicable terms of the Credit Facility,
the outstanding indentures and the certificates of designation of Target and
its Subsidiaries, including the applicable provisions thereof relating to a
"change of control".   4.23 Prepayment of Indebtedness. Target shall provide
Wildcat with reasonable advance notice of, and shall consult with Wildcat
regarding, its intention to prepay any notes, bonds, loans or similar
indebtedness.   4.24 Dove Certificate of Incorporation. The Board of
Directors of Dove shall propose that the Certificate of Incorporation of Dove
be amended to include a provision prohibiting Dove from entering into a
material transaction with any of its affiliates, including transactions that
would have been covered by Section 203 of the DGCL had the approval under 
35  35     such section not been granted as described in Section 2.14 of
this Agreement, unless such transaction is approved by a special committee of
its independent directors. Pending the adoption of such amendment, the
Surviving Corporation shall use its best efforts to cause the Board of
Directors of Dove to give effect to such amendment as though it had been
adopted.   4.25 Wildcat Financing Commitments. Wildcat shall
provide financing to Target in the form of equity or subordinated
indebtedness upon terms and conditions to be agreed upon by Wildcat and
Target which shall constitute unrestricted funds for purposes of Target\'s
debt instruments. Such financing shall be in an aggregate amount not to
exceed (a) during September 2000, $40 million; or (b) during any calendar
quarter following September 2000, $110 million; provided, however, that
Wildcat shall not be required to advance such financing unless Target is
unable to meet its monthly cash requirements to fund its operating expenses
and working capital after using all unrestricted cash available to Target,
including amounts available under the Credit Facility (in accordance with the
terms of Target\'s outstanding debt instruments). The parties also
acknowledge that Target may use available cash and borrowing under the Credit
Facility as restricted funds for purposes of Target\'s debt instruments in an
amount up to $60 million during September 2000 and in an amount up to $140
million during any calendar quarter thereafter.    ARTICLE V  
CONDITIONS   5.1 Conditions to the Merger. The obligations of each party
to effect the Merger and carry out its respective obligations hereunder shall
be subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Effective Time, of each of
the following conditions:   (a) all notifications required pursuant to the
HSR Act to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
have been made, and the applicable waiting period and any extensions thereof
shall have expired or been terminated;   (b) no preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order of any Governmental Authority shall have been
issued and be in effect, and no United States Federal or state statute, rule
or regulation shall have been enacted or promulgated after the date hereof
and be in effect that prohibits the consummation of the Merger;   (c) there
shall not be pending any action, suit or proceeding commenced by any
Governmental Authority in the United States prohibiting the consummation of
the Merger;  36  36      (d) the Form S-4 shall have become effective
under the Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
proceedings seeking a stop order;   (e) the shares of Wildcat Common Stock
issuable as Merger Consideration shall have been approved for listing on the
Nasdaq National Market, subject only to official notice of issuance;   (f)
(i) all material consents, approvals or orders of authorization of, or
actions by the FCC, and (ii) all material PUC approvals required to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, the
failure of which to be obtained, individually or in the aggregate, are
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target, shall
have been obtained; and   (g) the Target Stockholder Approval shall have
been obtained.   5.2 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Target.
The obligations of Target to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver, at or prior to
the Effective Time, of each of the following conditions:   (a) The
representations and warranties of Wildcat contained in this Agreement that
are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct, and those that are
not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each
case as of the Effective Time, with the same effect as if made as of the
Effective Time (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in
which case as of such date), and all the covenants contained in this
Agreement to be complied with by Wildcat on or before the Effective Time
shall have been complied with in all material respects, and Target shall have
received a certificate of Wildcat to such effect signed by a duly authorized
officer of Wildcat.   (b) Target shall have received an opinion from
its counsel stating that the Merger will be treated for U.S. Federal income
tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code and that Wildcat, Target and Merger Sub will each be a party to
that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. In
rendering such opinion, counsel for Target shall be entitled to rely upon
customary representations of officers of Wildcat and Target.   5.3
Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Wildcat and Merger Sub. The
obligations of Wildcat and Merger Sub to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment or waiver,
at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following condition:  37 
37      The representations and warranties of Target contained in
this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and
correct, and those that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects, in each case as of the Effective Time, with the same
effect as if made as of the Effective Time (except to the extent expressly
made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such date), and all the
covenants contained in this Agreement to be complied with by Target on or
before the Effective Time shall have been complied with in all material
respects, and Wildcat shall have received a certificate of Target to such
effect signed by a duly authorized officer of Target.   5.4 Frustration of
Closing Conditions. Neither Wildcat, Merger Sub nor Target may rely on the
failure of any condition set forth in this Article V to be satisfied if such
failure was caused by such party\'s failure to use its best efforts to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, as required by and subject to Section 4.4.    ARTICLE VI  
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER   6.1 Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after
receipt of the Target Stockholder Approval:   (a) by consent of the Boards
of Directors of Wildcat and Target;   (b) by Wildcat upon written notice to
Target, if Target shall have materially breached or failed to perform in any
material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements or conditions of this Agreement, which breach shall not have been
cured on or before the Termination Date;   (c) by Target upon written
notice to Wildcat, if Wildcat shall have materially breached or failed to
perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements or conditions of this Agreement, which breach
shall not have been cured on or before the Termination Date;   (d) by
Target or Wildcat upon notice to the other, if (i) the Merger shall not have
become effective on or before June 30, 2001 (the "Termination Date"), unless
such date is extended by the consent of the Boards of Directors of Target and
Wildcat evidenced by appropriate resolutions; provided, however, that the
right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 6.1(d) shall not be
available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this
Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective
Time to occur on or  38  38     before such date;   (e) by Target or
Wildcat, if the Target Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at
the Target Stockholders Meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment
or postponement thereof;   (f) by Target or Wildcat, if any injunction,
order, statute, rule or regulation having the effects set forth in Section
5.1(b) shall be in effect and shall have become final and nonappealable;
provided that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 6.1(f) shall have used reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of and
to remove such injunction, order, statute, rule or regulation; or   (g) by
Wildcat, if the Board of Directors of Target or any committee thereof shall
(i) withdraw or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify, in a
manner adverse to Wildcat, the approval or recommendation by such Board of
Directors or such committee of the Merger or this Agreement, or (ii) approve
or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any Takeover
Proposal.   6.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination
of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.1, the provisions
of this Agreement (other than Section 4.6, the last sentence of Section 4.12
and this Section 6.2 hereof) shall become void and have no effect, with no
liability on the part of any party hereto or its stockholders or directors or
officers in respect thereof; provided that nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to relieve any party of any liability it may have to any other party
with respect to a willful breach of its obligations under this Agreement.  
6.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time
before or after the Target Stockholder Approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of all of
the parties.   6.4 Waiver. Any term or provision of this Agreement
(other than the requirements set forth in Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(f)) may be
waived in writing at any time by the party or parties entitled to the
benefits thereof.  39  39      ARTICLE VII   DEFINITIONS;
INTERPRETATION   7.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms have the following respective meanings:   Accounting Rules:
as defined in Section 2.7.   Acquisition Agreement: as defined in section
4.3(a).   Adjusted Option: as defined in Section 4.17(a).   Affiliate:
with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such specified Person, where "control" means
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract, as trustee or executor, or
otherwise.   Agreement: as defined in the first paragraph of
this Agreement.   Appraisal Shares: as defined in Section 1.6(e).  
Average Price: as defined in Section 1.6(a).   Certificate of Merger: as
defined in Section 1.5.   Certificates: as defined in Section 1.9(b).  
Closing Price: with respect to one share of Wildcat Common Stock, for any
day, the last reported sale price regular way or, in case no such reported
sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices
regular way for such day, in each case (i) on the principal
national securities exchange on which the shares of Wildcat Common Stock are
listed or to which such shares are admitted to trading, (ii) if the Wildcat
Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on a national securities
exchange, in the over-the-counter market as reported by the Nasdaq Market or
any comparable system or (iii) if the Wildcat Common Stock is not listed on
the Nasdaq Market or a comparable system, as furnished by two members of the
National Association of Securities Dealers selected from time to time in good
faith by the Board of Directors of Wildcat for that purpose. In the absence
of all of the foregoing, or if for any other reason the Closing Price cannot
be determined pursuant to the provisions of the preceding  40 
40     sentence, the Closing Price shall be the fair market value thereof
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of Wildcat.   Code:
as defined in the recitals.   Common Stock Merger Consideration: as defined
in Section 1.6(a).   Communications Act: as defined in Section 2.6.  
Confidentiality Agreement: as defined in Section 4.12.   Credit Facility: as
defined in Section 4.1(d).   DGCL: as defined in Section 1.1.   Dove: as
defined in Section 2.2(b).   Dove Class A Common Stock: as defined in
Section 2.2(b).   Dove Class B Common Stock: as defined in Section
2.2(b).   Dove Common Stock: as defined in Section 2.2(b).   Dove
Preferred Stock: as defined in Section 2.2(b).   Dove Stock Options: as
defined in Section 2.2(b).   Dove Stock Plan: as defined in Section
2.2(b).   Dove Warrants: as defined in Section 2.2(b).   Effective Date:
as defined in Section 1.5.   Effective Time: as defined in Section 1.5.  
Encumbrance: any security interest, pledge, mortgage, lien (including
environmental and tax liens), charge, encumbrance, adverse
claim, preferential arrangement or restriction of any kind, including any
restriction on the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income or other exercise
of any attributes of ownership.  41  41      Exchange Act: the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   Exchange Agent: as defined in
Section 1.9.   Exchange Ratio: as defined in Section 1.6(a).   FCC: as
defined in Section 2.6.   Form S-4: the registration statement on Form S-4
filed by Wildcat to register under the Securities Act (i) the issuance of the
shares of Wildcat Common Stock to be issued as Common Stock Merger
Consideration and (ii) the shares of Wildcat Preferred Stock to be issued as
the Preferred Stock Merger Consideration (including the issuance by Wildcat
of depositary shares with respect thereto).   GAAP: United States generally
accepted accounting principles and practices as in effect from time to time
and applied consistently throughout the periods involved.   Governmental
Authority: means any United States Federal, state or local or any foreign
government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or
commission or any court, tribunal or judicial or arbitral body.   HSR Act:
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.  
Knowledge: with respect to any Person that is not an individual, as to any
specific matter, the knowledge of such Person\'s executive officers and other
officers having primary responsibility for such matter.   Material Adverse
Effect: any change or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all
other changes or effects, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse
to the business, operations, properties, financial condition, assets,
liabilities or prospects of Target and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
when used with respect to Target, or of Wildcat and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, when used with respect to Wildcat; other than those relating to
the economy or securities markets in general or the industries in which
Wildcat, Target and their respective Subsidiaries operate in general.  
Merger: as defined in the recitals.   Merger Consideration: as defined in
Section 1.6(b).  42  42      Merger Sub: as defined in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.   Merger Sub Common Stock: as defined in
Section 1.7.   Person: an individual, general or limited partnership,
joint venture, corporation, limited liability company, trust,
unincorporated organization or government or any department or agency
thereof.   Preferred Stock Merger Consideration: collectively, the Series D
Preferred Stock Merger Consideration, the Series E Preferred Stock
Merger Consideration, the Series F Preferred Stock Merger Consideration and
the Series G Preferred Stock Merger Consideration.   Proxy Statement: the
proxy statement relating to the solicitation of the approval of the Merger by
the holders of the outstanding Target Common Stock which is included in the
Form S-4.   PUC: as defined in Section 2.6.   SEC: the Securities and
Exchange Commission.   Securities Act: the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.   Series D Preferred Stock Merger Consideration: as defined
in Section 1.6(b).   Series E Preferred Stock Merger Consideration: as
defined in Section 1.6(b).   Series F Preferred Stock Merger Consideration:
as defined in Section 1.6(b).   Series G Preferred Stock Merger
Consideration: as defined in Section 1.6(b).   Subsidiary: with respect to
any Person, any corporation or other business entity, of which a majority (by
number of votes) of the shares of capital stock (or other voting interests)
at the time outstanding is owned by such Person directly or indirectly
through Subsidiaries.   Superior Proposal: as defined in Section 4.3(a).  
Surviving Corporation: as defined in Section 1.1.   Takeover Proposal: as
defined in Section 4.3(a).  43  43      Target: as defined in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.   Target Benefit Plan: any bonus, pension,
profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock
ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation,
severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare
benefit or other plan, arrangement or understanding providing compensation or
benefits to any current or former director, officer or employee of Target or
any of its Subsidiaries.   Target Common Stock: as defined in Section
2.2(a).   Target Disclosure Schedule: as defined in Article II.   Target
Filed SEC Documents: as defined in Article II.   Target Permits: as defined
in Section 2.15.   Target Preferred Stock: collectively, Target Series
B Preferred Stock, Target Series D Preferred Stock, Target Series E
Preferred Stock, Target Series F Preferred Stock and Target Series G
Preferred Stock.   Target Rights: as defined in Section 2.2(a).   Target
Rights Agreement: as defined in Section 2.2(a).   Target Series B Preferred
Stock: 13.5% Series B Redeemable Exchangeable Preferred Stock of Target.  
Target Series C Preferred Stock: as defined in Section 2.2.   Target Series
D Preferred Stock: 7% Series D Junior Convertible Preferred Stock of
Target.   Target Series E Preferred Stock: 7% Series E Junior Convertible
Preferred Stock of Target.   Target Series F Preferred Stock: 7% Series F
Junior Convertible Preferred Stock of Target.   Target Series G Preferred
Stock: 7% Series G Junior Convertible Participating Preferred Stock of
Target.  44  44      Target SEC Documents: as defined in Section
2.7.   Target Stock Options: as defined in Section 2.2(a).   Target Stock
Plans: as defined in Section 2.2(a).   Target Stockholder Approval: as
defined in Section 2.11.   Target Stockholders Meeting: as defined in
Section 4.8(b).   Target Warrants: as defined in Section 2.2(a).  
Termination Date: as defined in Section 6.1(d).   Termination Fee: as
defined in Section 4.6(b).   Voting Agreement: as defined in the
recitals.   Wildcat: as defined in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.   Wildcat Cash Election: as defined in Section 1.6(a).  
Wildcat Common Stock: as defined in Section 3.2.   Wildcat Preferred Stock:
collectively, the Wildcat Series D Preferred Stock, the Wildcat Series E
Preferred Stock, the Wildcat Series F Preferred Stock and the Wildcat Series
G Preferred Stock.   Wildcat Series D Preferred Stock: as defined in
Section 1.6(b)(i).   Wildcat Series E Preferred Stock: as defined in
Section 1.6(b)(ii).   Wildcat Series F Preferred Stock: as defined in
Section 1.6(b)(iii).   Wildcat Series G Preferred Stock: as defined in
Section 1.6(b)(iv).   Wildcat SEC Documents: as defined in Section 3.6.  
Wildcat Welfare Plan: as defined in Section 4.18(b).  45  45      7.2
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a recital,
Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit, such reference shall be to a recital,
Article or Section of, or Schedule or Exhibit to, this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words
"include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall
be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." The words
"hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such
terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of
such term.    ARTICLE VIII   GENERAL PROVISIONS   8.1 Nonsurvival of
Representations and Warranties. None of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 8.1
shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms
contemplates performance after the Effective Time.   8.2 Notices. All
notices, consents, instructions and other communications required or
permitted under this Agreement shall be effective only if given in writing
and shall be considered to have been duly given when (i) delivered by hand,
(ii) sent by telecopier (with receipt confirmed), provided that a copy is
mailed (on the same date) by certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (iii) received by the addressee, if sent by
Express Mail, Federal Express or other reputable express delivery service
(receipt requested), or by first class certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notice shall be sent in each case to the
appropriate addresses or telecopier numbers set forth below (or to such 
46  46     other addresses and telecopier numbers as a party may from
time to time designate as to itself by notice similarly given to the other
parties in accordance herewith, which shall not be deemed given until
received by the addressee). Notice shall be given:   if to Target:  
INTERMEDIA COMMUNICATIONS INC.  One Intermedia Way  Tampa, FL 33647 
Attention: Robert M. Manning  Facsimile: 813-829-2470   and a copy to:  
Kronish Lieb Weiner and Hellman LLP  1114 Avenue of the Americas  New York, NY
10036  Attention: Ralph J. Sutcliffe, Esq.  Facsimile: 212-479-6275   if
to Wildcat or Merger Sub:   WORLDCOM, INC.  500 Clinton Center Drive 
Clinton, MS 39056  Attention: K. William Grothe, Jr.  Facsimile:
601-460-5239   and a copy to:   Cravath, Swaine and Moore  825 Eighth
Avenue  New York, NY 10019  Attention: Robert I. Townsend, III, Esq. 
Facsimile: (212) 765-1047   8.3 Severability. If any term or other provision
of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any
rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any  47  47     manner materially adverse to any party.
Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith
to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, be
consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.  
8.4 Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the
Voting Agreement (including the exhibits, schedules, documents and
instruments referred to herein or therein) (a) constitute the
entire agreement and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings,
both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof and (b) except with respect to Sections
4.13 and 4.17 of this Agreement, are not intended to confer upon any Person
other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.   8.5
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including
validity, interpretation and effect, by the internal laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions.   8.6
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts
which together shall constitute a single instrument and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other parties.   8.7 Assignment. Neither
this Agreement nor any of the rights, interest or obligations under this
Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or
otherwise by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of
the other parties. Any assignment in violation of the preceding sentence
shall be void. Subject to the preceding two sentences, this Agreement will be
binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.   8.8 Specific Performance. The
parties agree that due to the unique subject matter of this transaction,
monetary damages will be insufficient to compensate the non-breaching parties
in the event of a breach of any part of this Agreement. Accordingly, the
parties agree that any non-breaching party shall be entitled (without
prejudice to any other right or remedy to which it may be entitled) to an
appropriate decree of specific performance, or an injunction restraining any
violation of this Agreement or other equitable remedies to enforce this
Agreement (without establishing the likelihood of irreparable injury or
posting bond or other security), and the breaching party waives in any action
or proceeding brought to enforce this Agreement the defense that there exists
an adequate remedy at law.  48  48      8.9 Jurisdiction. Each of the
parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of
any Federal court located in the State of Delaware or any Delaware state
court in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other
request for leave from any such court and (c) agrees that it will not bring
any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in any court other than a Federal court sitting in the
State of Delaware or a Delaware state court.   8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY OR AGAINST IT ON ANY MATTERS
WHATSOEVER, IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED
WITH THIS AGREEMENT.   [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  49  49      IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed, by
their respective duly authorized officers, on the date first above
written.    WORLDCOM, INC.    By: / s / BERNARD J. EBBERS 
-------------------------------------  Name: Bernard J. Ebbers  Title:
Director, President and Chief  Executive Officer    WILDCAT ACQUISITION
CORP.    By: / s / BERNARD J. EBBERS 
-------------------------------------  Name: Bernard J. Ebbers  Title:
Director, President and Chief  Executive Officer    INTERMEDIA
COMMUNICATIONS INC.    By: / s / DAVID C. RUBERG 
-------------------------------------  Name: David C. Ruberg  Title:
Chairman of the Board,  President and Chief Executive  Officer     '

