<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit_2-1.txt
<TEXT>


                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1


                 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

                                  by and among:

                            TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR LTD.,
                               an Israel company;

                          ARMSTRONG ACQUISITION CORP.,
                           a Delaware corporation; and

                            JAZZ TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,
                             a Delaware corporation

                            ------------------------

                            Dated as of May 19, 2008

                            ------------------------


<PAGE>


                 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

     THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION ("AGREEMENT") is made
and entered into as of May 19, 2008, by and among: TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR LTD., an
Israel company ("PARENT"); ARMSTRONG ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"); and JAZZ TECHNOLOGIES,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"). Certain capitalized terms used in
this Agreement are defined in EXHIBIT A.

                                    RECITALS

     A. The respective boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
have each determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
corporations and shareholders or stockholders, as applicable, that Merger Sub be
merged with and into the Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

     B. The board of directors of the Company has (i) determined that the Merger
(as defined in Section 1.1) is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests
of, the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) determined,
subject to the terms of this Agreement, to recommend that the stockholders of
the Company adopt this Agreement, all by a vote of the members of such board of
directors present at a meeting to consider and vote upon such matters.

     C. The boards of directors of Parent and Merger Sub have approved this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                    AGREEMENT

     The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as
follows:

SECTION 1. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSACTION

     1.1 THE MERGER. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.3(b)) and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), Merger Sub shall
be merged with and into the Company (the merger of Merger Sub into the Company
being referred to as the "MERGER") and the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub shall cease. The Company shall continue as the surviving corporation
in the Merger (the "SURVIVING CORPORATION").

     1.2 EFFECT OF THE MERGER. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all
of the assets, properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the
Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all of the
debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions and duties of the Company and
Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions and
duties of the Surviving Corporation.


<PAGE>


     1.3 CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER.

          (A) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Cooley Godward
     Kronish LLP, 101 California Street, 5th Floor, San Francisco, California
     (or such other place or time as Parent and the Company may jointly
     designate in writing), as soon as practicable, but no later than two
     business days after the satisfaction or waiver of the last of the
     conditions set forth in Section 5 to be satisfied or waived (other than any
     such conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing,
     but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions), unless the
     parties hereto otherwise agree in writing. The date on which the Closing
     actually takes place is referred to as the "CLOSING DATE."

          (B) Upon the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in
     order to effect the Merger, a certificate of merger satisfying the
     applicable requirements of the DGCL shall be duly executed by the Company
     and Merger Sub and concurrently with or as soon as practicable following
     the Closing shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
     Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL. The Merger
     shall become effective at the time of the filing of such certificate of
     merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such
     later time as may be mutually determined by the parties to this Agreement
     and set forth in such certificate of merger (the time as of which the
     Merger becomes effective being referred to as the "EFFECTIVE TIME").

     1.4 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS; DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Unless
otherwise jointly determined by Parent and the Company in writing prior to the
Effective Time:

          (A) as of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
     action on the part of Merger Sub or the Company, the Certificate of
     Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated as
     of the Effective Time to conform to EXHIBIT B, until thereafter amended in
     accordance with the DGCL and such Certificate of Incorporation;

          (B) as of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
     action on the part of Merger Sub or the Company, but subject to Section
     4.10(a), the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and
     restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the Bylaws of Merger Sub as
     in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter amended
     in accordance with the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation of the
     Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that all
     references in such Bylaws to Merger Sub shall be amended to refer to "Jazz
     Technologies, Inc.";

          (C) the directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the
     Effective Time shall be the respective individuals who are directors of
     Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until their respective
     successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified; and

          (D) the officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the
     Effective Time shall be the respective individuals who are officers of
     Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time.


<PAGE>


     1.5 CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK.

          (A) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
     further action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any
     stockholder of the Company:

               (I) any shares of Company Common Stock held in the Company's
          treasury or held by the Company immediately prior to the Effective
          Time shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no
          consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

               (II) any shares of Company Common Stock held by Parent or Merger
          Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and
          retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be
          delivered in exchange therefor;

               (III) except as provided in clauses "(i)" and "(ii)" above and
          subject to Sections 1.5(b) and 1.5(c), each share of Company Common
          Stock outstanding (including any outstanding shares of Company Common
          Stock that are unvested or are subject to any repurchase rights, risk
          of forfeiture or other condition in favor of the Company and any
          Company Common Stock held by any direct or indirect subsidiary of
          either the Parent (other than Merger Sub) or the Company) immediately
          prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to
          receive 1.8 (the "EXCHANGE RATIO") ordinary shares, par value NIS 1.00
          per share, of Parent ("PARENT ORDINARY SHARES"); and

               (IV) each share of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of
          Merger Sub Ioutstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
          be converted into one share of common stock of the Surviving
          Corporation, and each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of
          Merger Sub common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
          Time shall evidence ownership of such shares of common stock of the
          Surviving Corporation.

          (B) The Exchange Ratio and any other applicable numbers or amounts
     shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split,
     reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution
     of securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Parent
     Ordinary Shares or Company Common Stock), extraordinary cash dividend,
     reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange
     of shares or other like change with respect to Parent Ordinary Shares or
     Company Common Stock occurring or having a record date on or after the date
     of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time.

          (C) No fraction of a Parent Ordinary Share will be issued by virtue of
     the Merger, but instead each holder of shares of Company Common Stock who
     would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a Parent Ordinary
     Share (after aggregating all fractional Parent Ordinary Shares that
     otherwise would be received by such holder) shall, upon surrender of such
     holder's Company Stock Certificate(s) (as defined in Section 1.6) receive
     from Parent an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without
     interest, equal to the product of (i) such fraction, multiplied by (ii) the
     average closing price of one Parent Ordinary Share for the five (5) most
     recent days that Parent Ordinary Shares have traded ending on the trading
     day immediately prior to the Effective Time, as reported on the Nasdaq
     Global Market.


<PAGE>


     1.6 NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK; CLOSING OF THE
COMPANY'S TRANSFER BOOKS. All Parent Ordinary Shares issued in exchange for
shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (including
any cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c) and any
dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.7(c)) shall be deemed to
have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of
Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time: (a) all shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be
canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and all holders of certificates
representing shares of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of
the Company, except for (and to the extent provided in Section 1.5) the right to
receive the Parent Ordinary Shares and cash pursuant to Section 1.5 with respect
to each of the shares of Company Common Stock evidenced by such certificates;
and (b) the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed with respect to
all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. No further transfer of any such shares of Company Common Stock
shall be made on such stock transfer books after the Effective Time. If, after
the Effective Time, a valid certificate previously representing any shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (a
"COMPANY STOCK CERTIFICATE") is presented to the Exchange Agent (as defined in
Section 1.7(a)) or to the Surviving Corporation or Parent, such Company Stock
Certificate shall be canceled and shall be exchanged as provided in Section 1.7.

     1.7 SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES.

          (A) Prior to the Effective Time, (i) Parent shall select a reputable
     bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as
     exchange agent with respect to the Merger (the "EXCHANGE AGENT"), and (ii)
     Parent shall cause to be made available to the Exchange Agent, for exchange
     in accordance with this Section 1, the Parent Ordinary Shares pursuant to
     Section 1.5(a)(iii), and cash amounts sufficient for payment in lieu of
     fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c) and any dividends or
     distributions to which holders of shares of Company Common Stock may be
     entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(c). The Parent Ordinary Shares and cash
     amounts so deposited with the Exchange Agent, together with any dividends
     or distributions received by the Exchange Agent with respect to such
     shares, are referred to collectively as the "EXCHANGE FUND."

          (B) Promptly (and in any event within five (5) business days after the
     Effective Time, subject to Parent and Exchange Agent receiving from the
     Company and its transfer agent all reasonably required information prior to
     the Effective Time), Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each
     Person who was, immediately prior to the Effective Time, a holder of record
     of shares of Company Common Stock described in Section 1.5(a)(iii) a form
     of letter of transmittal in customary form (which shall specify that
     delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Company Stock
     Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Company Stock
     Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall contain such other customary
     provisions as Parent or the Exchange Agent may reasonably specify) and
     instructions for use in effecting the surrender of Company Stock
     Certificates previously representing such shares of Company Common Stock in
     exchange for certificates representing Parent Ordinary Shares pursuant to
     Section 1.5(a)(iii), cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to
     Section 1.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section
     1.7(c). Such letter of transmittal shall contain all reasonably required
     tax information, including tax information regarding the record holders of
     Company Common Stock, as Parent may reasonably require. Parent shall ensure
     that, upon proper surrender to the Exchange Agent of each such Company
     Stock Certificate, together with a properly executed letter of transmittal,
     the holder of such Company Stock Certificate (or, under the circumstances
     described in Section 1.7(f), the transferee of shares of Company Common
     Stock previously represented by such Company Stock Certificate) shall
     promptly receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number
     of whole Parent Ordinary Shares into which their shares of Company Common
     Stock were converted pursuant to Section 1.5(a)(iii), payment in lieu of
     fractional shares which such holders have the right to receive pursuant to
     Section 1.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions payable pursuant to
     Section 1.7(c).


<PAGE>


          (C) Dividends or other distributions declared or made after the date
     of this Agreement with respect to Parent Ordinary Shares with a record date
     after the Effective Time will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered
     Company Stock Certificates with respect to the Parent Ordinary Shares
     represented thereby when the holders of record of such Company Stock
     Certificates surrender such Company Stock Certificates.

          (D) On or after the first anniversary of the Effective Time, the
     Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to cause the Exchange Agent to
     deliver to the Surviving Corporation any portion of the Exchange Fund which
     has not been distributed to holders of Company Stock Certificates, and
     thereafter such holders shall be entitled to look solely to Parent and the
     Surviving Corporation with respect to the Parent Ordinary Shares pursuant
     to Section 1.5(a)(iii), cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to
     Section 1.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section
     1.7(c). Neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, nor the Surviving Corporation
     shall be liable to any holder of a Company Stock Certificate for any amount
     properly paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
     property or escheat law.

          (E) If any Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or
     destroyed, then, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
     claiming such Company Stock Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed,
     Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to issue and pay in exchange for such
     lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate the Parent Ordinary
     Shares pursuant to Section 1.5(a)(iii), cash in lieu of any fractional
     shares pursuant to Section 1.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions
     pursuant to Section 1.7(c); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Parent may also, in its
     commercially reasonable discretion and as an additional condition precedent
     to the issuance and payment thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen
     or destroyed Company Stock Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it
     may reasonably direct, in accordance with the Exchange Agent's customary
     policies, against Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent
     with respect to the Company Stock Certificates alleged to have been lost,
     stolen or destroyed.

          (F) If certificates representing Parent Ordinary Shares are to be
     issued in a name other than that in which the Company Stock Certificates
     surrendered in exchange therefor are registered, it will be a condition of
     the issuance thereof that the Company Stock Certificates so surrendered
     will be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and
     that the Persons requesting such exchange will have (i) paid to Parent or
     any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason
     of the issuance of certificates representing Parent Ordinary Shares in any
     name other than that of the registered holder of the Company Stock
     Certificates surrendered, or (ii) established to the reasonable
     satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that such tax has been
     paid or is not payable.


<PAGE>


          (G) The Surviving Corporation shall bear and pay all charges and
     expenses, including those of the Exchange Agent, incurred in connection
     with the exchange of Company Common Stock for Parent Ordinary Shares
     (including any cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section
     1.5(c) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section
     1.7(c)).

     1.8 COMPANY OPTIONS; RESTRICTED STOCK; WARRANTS.

          (A) COMPANY OPTIONS. At the Effective Time, each Company Option shall
     be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 4.9(a).

          (B) COMPANY WARRANTS. At the Effective Time, each unexercised Company
     Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
     assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 4.9(b).

          (C) RESTRICTED STOCK. If there are any outstanding shares of Company
     Common Stock that are unvested or are subject to any repurchase rights,
     risk of forfeiture or other condition in favor of the Company immediately
     prior to the Effective Time, then the Parent Ordinary Shares issued in
     exchange for such shares of Company Common Stock shall also be unvested and
     subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other
     condition (including any requirement that any unvested shares be held in
     escrow), and the certificate representing such Parent Ordinary Shares may
     accordingly be marked with appropriate legends in the discretion of Parent.

     1.9 WITHHOLDING. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Company and the
Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any
consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Section 1 to any
holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as the Exchange
Agent, Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation is required to deduct
and withhold from such consideration under the Code or any corresponding
provision of applicable state, local or foreign tax law or under any applicable
Legal Requirement. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Company and the
Surviving Corporation shall take all action that may be necessary to ensure that
any such amounts so deducted and withheld are timely and properly remitted to
the appropriate tax authority. To the extent such amounts are so deducted and
withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as
having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been
paid.

     1.10 CERTAIN TAX MATTERS.

          (A) For United States federal income tax purposes, the Merger is
     intended to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section
     368(a) of the Code and a transaction that is not subject to Section
     367(a)(1) of the Code. The parties to this Agreement hereby adopt this
     Agreement as a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of Sections
     1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Treasury Regulations.

          (B) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, Parent will not
     assume, or be responsible for, any federal, state, local or foreign income
     tax of any Company stockholder; provided however, that Parent shall assume
     and be responsible for any stock transfer or similar Tax on the issuance or
     registration of Parent Ordinary Shares imposed by any United States or
     Israeli tax authority whether or not such Tax is imposed on a Company
     stockholder or some other person.


<PAGE>


     1.11 FURTHER ACTION. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further
action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets,
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger
Sub, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be
fully authorized (in the name of Merger Sub, in the name of the Company or
otherwise) to take all such action.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub that, except
as set forth in the disclosure schedule delivered to Parent on the date of this
Agreement (the "COMPANY DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"):

     2.1 DUE ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING; SUBSIDIARIES.

          (A) Each of the Company and the Designated Subsidiaries is a
     corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing
     and (where such concept is recognized under the laws of the jurisdiction in
     which it is incorporated) in good standing under the laws of the
     jurisdiction in which it is organized, and has all requisite corporate or
     limited liability company power and authority necessary to: (i) carry on
     its business as it is now being conducted; and (ii) perform its obligations
     under all contracts to which it is a party or under which it has rights
     and/or obligations. The Company and each of the Designated Subsidiaries is
     duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
     state or foreign jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
     by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the
     failure to be so qualified or licensed would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on the Company. Neither the Company nor any Designated Subsidiary
     has agreed or is obligated to make or may become obligated to make, any
     future investment in or capital contribution in any other Entity.

          (B) Part 2.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all Subsidiaries
     of the Company, together with the jurisdiction and form of organization of
     each such Subsidiary. As of the date of this Agreement, the aggregate
     dollar amount of the assets of each Subsidiary of the Company that is not a
     Designated Subsidiary, determined in accordance with GAAP, is less than 1%
     of the aggregate dollar amount of the consolidated assets of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP. For fiscal year
     2007, the pre-tax operating income of each Subsidiary of the Company that
     is not a Designated Subsidiary, determined in accordance with GAAP, was
     less than 1% of the aggregate dollar amount of the consolidated pre-tax
     operating income of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined in
     accordance with GAAP. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or
     membership interests, as the case may be, of each Designated Subsidiary are
     owned directly or indirectly by the Company free and clear of all
     Encumbrances.


<PAGE>


     2.2 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BYLAWS. The Company has made available to
Parent or Parent's legal advisor: (i) copies of the Organizational Documents of
the Company and each Designated Subsidiary, including all amendments thereto;
(ii) the stock or other equity records of the Company and each Designated
Subsidiary; and (iii) except as set forth in Part 2.2 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the minutes and other records as of the date of this Agreement of the
meetings at which formal actions were taken or any actions taken by written
consent without a meeting of the stockholders of the Company, the board of
directors of the Company and all committees of the board of directors of the
Company. Except as set forth in Part 2.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
stock or other equity records of the Company are accurate, up-to-date and
complete in all material respects. Neither the Company nor any Designated
Subsidiary is in violation of its Organizational Documents.

     2.3 CAPITALIZATION, ETC.

          (A) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of
     200,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of
     preferred stock ("PREFERRED SHARES"). As of 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May
     15, 2008: (i) 19,031,276 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and
     outstanding (including shares of Company Common Stock included in the
     Company Units), of which no shares were unvested or were subject to any
     repurchase rights, risk of forfeiture or other similar condition in favor
     of the Company; (ii) no Preferred Shares were issued or outstanding; (iii)
     33,033,013 shares of Company Common Stock were issuable upon exercise of
     Company Warrants that were issued and outstanding (including shares of
     Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Company Warrants included in
     the Company Units); (iii) 3,108,618 shares of Company Common Stock were
     issuable upon exercise of options issued pursuant to the Company Equity
     Plan; and (iv) 17,489,813 shares of Company Common Stock were issuable upon
     conversion of $128,200,000 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes.
     As of 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May 15, 2008, 2,064,090 Company Units were
     outstanding (which Company Units are included in the totals above). Between
     5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May 15, 2008 and the date of this Agreement, the
     Company has not issued any shares of Company Common Stock except upon
     exercise of outstanding Company Options or Company Warrants or conversion
     of outstanding Convertible Notes in accordance with their terms. As of the
     date of this Agreement, 4,366,544 shares of Company Common Stock were
     reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Company Equity Plan. The
     Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor copies of
     (A) the Company Equity Plan, which covers the stock options and restricted
     stock awards granted by the Company that are outstanding as of the date of
     this Agreement, and (B) the forms of all stock option agreements and
     restricted stock award agreements evidencing such options and stock awards.

          (B) All the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company and
     each Designated Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued and
     are fully paid and nonassessable.


<PAGE>


          (C) Except as set forth in Part 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule: (i) none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
     Company and the Designated Subsidiaries is entitled or subject to any
     preemptive right or right of participation; (ii) none of the outstanding
     shares of the capital stock of the Company and the Designated Subsidiaries
     is subject to any right of first refusal or similar right in favor of the
     Company; and (iii) there is no agreement in place relating to the voting or
     registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling,
     pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right
     with respect to), any shares of the capital stock of the Company or the
     Designated Subsidiaries.

          (D) Part 2.3(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately sets
     forth with respect to each outstanding Company Option under the Company
     Equity Plan as of 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May 5, 2008: (i) the name of
     the holder; (ii) the exercise price per share; (iii) the total number of
     shares subject to such Company Option; (iv) the date on which such Company
     Option was granted; (v) the applicable vesting schedule; and (vi) whether
     such Company Option is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option"
     within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. Between 5:00 p.m. Pacific
     Time on May 5, 2008 and the date of this Agreement: (i) the Company has not
     granted any Company Options; (ii) no outstanding Company Option has been
     amended, modified or changed; and (iii) Part 2.3(d) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule shall have only changed to the extent that outstanding
     Company Options have been exercised in accordance with their terms. All
     Company Options (including those that have been exercised, terminated,
     expired, forfeited or otherwise cancelled) were issued at a strike price at
     least equal to fair market value such that the fair market value on the
     grant date equaled or exceeded the fair market value on the financial
     measurement date for each such Company Option or, with respect to Company
     Options that were not issued in such a manner, the Company recorded an
     appropriate compensation charge in its financial statements relating to
     such grants in the appropriate period and reported such in its financial
     statements and Company Returns during the required period.

          (E) Except for options, rights, securities and plans referred to in
     Section 2.3(a) and except as set forth in Part 2.3(d) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, there is no: (i)
     outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or stock appreciation right
     or other right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any shares
     of the capital stock or other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary
     of the Company; (ii) outstanding restricted stock award, restricted stock
     unit award, performance stock award or performance cash award; (iii)
     outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is or would reasonably
     be expected to become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of
     the capital stock or other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary of
     the Company; (iv) contract under which the Company or any Subsidiary of the
     Company is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue any shares of
     its capital stock or any other securities; or (v) to the Knowledge of the
     Company, condition or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to
     provide a basis for the assertion of a valid claim by any Person to the
     effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any capital stock
     of the Company or other securities of the Company.

          (F) All outstanding shares of capital stock, options, warrants, stock
     appreciation rights and other securities or equity interests of the Company
     and the Designated Subsidiaries have been issued and granted in compliance
     in all material respects with all applicable securities laws and other
     applicable Legal Requirements.


<PAGE>


          (G) All of the outstanding membership interests or other equity
     interests of each of the Company's Subsidiaries: (i) have been duly
     authorized and validly issued; (ii) are nonassessable and free of
     preemptive rights, with no obligation to contribute additional capital; and
     (iii) except as set forth in Part 2.3(g) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, are owned beneficially and of record by the Company, free and
     clear of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances).

     2.4 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; ABSENCE OF LIABILITIES; FINANCIAL
CONTROLS.

          (A) All registration statements (on a form other than Form S-8),
     annual and quarterly reports and definitive proxy statements required to be
     filed by the Company with the SEC between March 13, 2006 and the date of
     this Agreement (the "COMPANY SEC DOCUMENTS") have been so filed. As of the
     time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing,
     then on the date of such filing): (i) each of the Company SEC Documents
     complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
     Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be); and (ii) none of
     the Company SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact
     or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
     necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
     circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

          (B) The financial statements (including any related notes) contained
     in the Company SEC Documents, including the unaudited consolidated balance
     sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2008
     and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income, statement of
     stockholders' equity and statement of cash flows of the Company and its
     consolidated Subsidiaries for the quarter then ended, together with the
     notes thereto (the "UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIALS"), were prepared in
     accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
     covered (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial
     statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
     10-Q of the SEC) and fairly present, in all material respects, the
     consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
     the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of
     the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods covered thereby (except
     that unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are
     subject to year-end adjustments, which are not reasonably expected to be,
     individually or in the aggregate, material in magnitude).

          (C) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
     liabilities of the type required to be disclosed in the liabilities column
     of a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for: (i)
     liabilities disclosed in the financial statements (including any related
     notes) contained in the Company SEC Documents and the Unaudited Interim
     Financials; (ii) liabilities incurred since March 28, 2008 and in the
     ordinary course of business, (iii) liabilities and obligations incurred in
     connection with the Company's performance of its obligations under this
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (iv) liabilities
     described in Part 2.4(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; and (v)
     liabilities incurred on or following the date of this Agreement to the
     extent such liabilities were permitted to be incurred under Section 4.1(b)
     hereof or incurred with Parent's consent.


<PAGE>


          (D) Since January 1, 2005, neither the Company nor any Designated
     Subsidiary has effected or maintained any "off-balance sheet arrangement"
     (as defined in Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K of the SEC).

          (E) The Company and the Designated Subsidiaries maintain adequate
     internal accounting controls that are reasonably sufficient to provide
     reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed only with
     management's general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are
     recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial
     statements of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance
     with GAAP and to maintain accountability for the assets of the Company and
     the Designated Subsidiaries; (iii) access to the assets of the Company and
     the Designated Subsidiaries is permitted only in accordance with
     management's general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded
     accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
     reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
     differences; and (v) the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the Company's assets that could materially affect the Company's financial
     statements are prevented or detected in a timely manner.

          (F) The Company's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as such terms
     are defined in paragraph (e) of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act) are
     reasonably designed to ensure that material information required to be
     disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or furnishes under
     the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
     time period specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and that
     all such material information is accumulated and communicated to the
     Company's management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
     required disclosure and to make the certifications of the principal
     executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company required
     under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports.

          (G) The Company's management has completed assessment of the
     effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting in
     compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
     of 2002, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
     "SARBANES-OXLEY ACT"), for the year ended December 28, 2007, and such
     assessment concluded that such controls were effective. The Company has
     made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor any material
     communication made by management or the Company's auditors prior to the
     date of this Agreement to the audit committee required or contemplated by
     listing standards of the American Stock Exchange, the audit committee's
     charter or professional standards of the Public Company Accounting
     Oversight Board. As of the date of this Agreement, no material complaints
     from any source regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
     auditing matters, and no material concerns from Company or Subsidiary of
     the Company employees regarding questionable accounting or auditing
     matters, have been received by the Company. No attorney representing the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a violation of
     securities laws by the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any of its
     officers, directors, employees or agents to the Company's chief legal
     officer, audit committee (or other committee designated for the purpose) of
     the Company's board of directors or the Company's board of directors.


<PAGE>


          (H) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the
     applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and with applicable
     listing and other rules and regulations of the American Stock Exchange and
     has not received any notice from the American Stock Exchange asserting any
     non-compliance with such rules and regulations. Each of the principal
     executive officer of the Company and the principal financial officer of the
     Company has made all certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under
     the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with
     respect to the Company SEC Documents, and the statements contained in such
     certifications are accurate in all material respects. For purposes of this
     Agreement, "principal executive officer" and "principal financial officer"
     shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has outstanding, or has
     arranged any outstanding, "extensions of credit", including in the form a
     personal loan to directors or executive officers within the meaning of
     Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

     2.5 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Between December 28, 2007 and the date of
this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of the Designated Subsidiaries has:
(a) suffered any adverse change with respect to its business, customers,
suppliers or financial condition which has had a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company; (b) suffered any loss, damage or destruction to, or interruption in use
of, any of its material assets; (c) amended its Organizational Documents, or
effected or been a party to (other than as a stockholder) any recapitalization,
reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split or similar
transaction; (d) lent money to any Person (other than advances made to
employees, directors or agents for business expenses and loans made to employees
to acquire shares of Company Common Stock upon exercise of Company Options, each
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice); (e)
incurred any indebtedness for borrowed money or guaranteed any such indebtedness
involving more than $100,000 in the aggregate; (f) changed, in any material
respect, its accounting methods, principles or practices except as required by
changes in GAAP; (g) (i) acquired any asset (tangible or intangible), or group
of related assets, for a purchase price exceeding $250,000 (other than the
acquisition of raw materials or supplies in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice or capital expenditures not prohibited by Section
4.1(b)(xvii), or (ii) sold or otherwise transferred or otherwise disposed of any
material asset (including, without limitation, any fixed asset with a purchase
price, at the time it was originally purchased, greater than $100,000 and the
membership interest (all or a portion) in Shanghai Hau Hong Nec Electronics
Company, Ltd. ("HHNEC")) (other than the sale of finished goods inventory in the
ordinary course of business, scrapped inventory and the disposal of obsolete
equipment consistent with past practice), or (iii) entered into a license or
lease for any asset involving the payment of, or the receipt of, payments
greater than $100,000 in any twelve month period or $200,000 over the term of
the license or lease; (h) declared, set aside or paid any dividend or made any
other distribution with respect to the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock or repurchased or redeemed any shares of Company Common Stock, Company
Warrants, Convertible Notes or other securities; (i) acquired any equity
interest or voting interest in any Entity (other than a Subsidiary disclosed in
Part 2.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule); (j) made any capital expenditure
which, when added to all other capital expenditures made on behalf of the
Company and it Subsidiaries between December 28, 2007 and the date of this
Agreement, exceeds an aggregate of $2,500,000; (k) written off as uncollectible,
or established any extraordinary reserve with respect to, any account receivable
or other indebtedness in an amount that is individually greater than $100,000 or
in the aggregate greater than $400,000; (l) made any pledge of any of its assets
or otherwise permitted any of its assets to become subject to any Encumbrance,
except for Permitted Encumbrances; (m) (i) granted any Stock Award (as such term
is defined in the Company Equity Plan) or similar award or (ii) established or
adopted any employee benefit plan, paid any bonus or made any profit sharing or
similar payment to, or increased the amount of the wages, salary, commissions,
fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any of its
directors, officers or employees (other than payments or increases required
pursuant to a Labor Agreement (as defined below), any employee benefit plan or
any employment agreement as in effect on the date hereof and salary increases
and bonus payments for non-executive employees in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice both in terms of timing and amount), or
hired any new officer or any new employee whose annual base compensation is
greater than $100,000; (n) made any material tax election; (o) commenced or
settled any Legal Proceeding (i) involving damages for greater than $100,000,
(ii) involving the payment of more than $100,000, or (iii) seeking specific
performance or injunctive relief; (p) received a written claim by a third party
in which the commencement of a Legal Proceeding is threatened; or (q) entered
into any binding agreement to take any of the actions referred to in clauses
"(c)" through "(p)" of this sentence.


<PAGE>


     2.6 IP RIGHTS.

          (A) Part 2.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately
     identifies as of the date of this Agreement:

               (I) In Part 2.6(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule: (A)
          each item of Registered IP in which the Company or any of its
          Subsidiaries has an ownership interest of any nature (whether
          exclusively, jointly with another Person or otherwise); (B) the
          jurisdiction in which such item of Registered IP has been registered
          or filed and the applicable registration or serial number; and (C) any
          other Person that has an ownership interest in such item of Registered
          IP and the nature of such ownership interest;

               (II) in Part 2.6(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule: (A)
          all Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property licensed to
          the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any non-customized
          software (including shrink-wrap, off-the-shelf or commercially
          available software), that: (1) is so licensed in executable or object
          code form pursuant to a nonexclusive software license, (2) is used by
          the Company and its Subsidiaries for administrative, financial, or
          other non-operational purposes; and (3) is generally available on
          standard terms for less than $10,000 per month or less than $120,000
          per year); and (B) the corresponding contract or contracts pursuant to
          which such Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property are
          licensed; and

               (III) in Part 2.6(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
          each written contract under which a license or similar right (other
          than an ownership interest) is held by any third party in or to any of
          the Company Owned IP (other than nonexclusive licenses granted to
          customers in the ordinary course of business).

Complete and accurate copies of each contract identified in Part 2.6(a)(ii) or
Part 2.6(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule have been made available to
Parent or Parent's legal advisor. Except for any exclusive licenses granted to
third parties in or to the Company Owned IP, no material Company Owned IP is
subject to any contract containing any covenant or other provision that limits
or restricts the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to use,
exploit, assert, or enforce any Company Owned IP anywhere in the world in a
manner that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely impact the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted.


<PAGE>


               (IV) Part 2.6(a)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
          accurately identifies, as of the date of this Agreement, each written
          contract pursuant to which any material Intellectual Property was
          developed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or by a
          third party, where the terms of such contract expressly contemplate
          (A) the development of any Intellectual Property by such third party,
          where the Company or Subsidiary owns the resulting Intellectual
          Property and Intellectual Property Rights as Company Owned IP
          (excluding employee proprietary inventions and assignment agreements
          and any agreements pursuant to which a individual consultant or
          independent contractor performed services on a full-time basis on
          behalf of the Company or Subsidiary while onsite at the Company or
          Subsidiary facilities); (B) the development of any Intellectual
          Property by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company on behalf of
          such third party, where the third party exclusively or jointly owns
          the resulting Intellectual Property; or (C) the collaborative
          development of Intellectual Property by the Company or any Subsidiary
          of the Company and such third party, such as (1) development to allow
          such third party to offer their design Intellectual Property
          commercially, (2) customer support process or design modifications or
          (3) education research development, other than those agreements
          already disclosed in response to (a) or (b) above.

          (B) The Company and its Subsidiaries exclusively own all right, title
     and interest to and in the Company Owned IP (other than Registered IP
     identified in Part 2.6(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule as being
     subject to the ownership interest of another Person) free and clear of any
     Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances and other than nonexclusive
     licenses granted pursuant to the contracts listed in Part 2.6(a)(iii) of
     the Company Disclosure Schedule). Without limiting the generality of the
     foregoing:

               (I) all documents and instruments necessary to perfect the rights
          of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the Company Owned IP that is
          Registered IP have been validly executed, delivered and filed (on or
          before any applicable deadline) with the appropriate Governmental
          Entity;

               (II) each Person who is or was an employee, consultant or
          independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
          who is or was involved in the creation or development of any
          Intellectual Property intended to be Company Owned IP, or who is or
          was named as an inventor on any patent application filed or owned by
          the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has signed one or more
          agreements containing an assignment of that Person's Intellectual
          Property Rights to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries and
          confidentiality provisions protecting the Company Owned IP;

               (III) no past or current employee, consultant or independent
          contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any claim,
          right (whether or not currently exercisable) or interest to or in any
          Company Owned IP;


<PAGE>


               (IV) to the Knowledge of the Company, no employee, consultant or
          independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is in
          breach of any contract with any former employer or other Person
          concerning Intellectual Property Rights or confidentiality where the
          cause or nature of the breach arises out of any services, including
          the development of any Company Owned IP, performed by such employee,
          consultant or independent contractor for the Company or any of its
          Subsidiaries;

               (V) no funding, facilities or personnel of any Governmental
          Entity or any university or other educational institution were used to
          develop or create, in whole or in part, any Company Owned IP;

               (VI) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has taken
          reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of and otherwise
          protect and enforce its rights in all proprietary information held or
          purported to be held as a trade secret by such Company or Subsidiary;

               (VII) in the two (2) year period prior to the date of this
          Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
          assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or
          otherwise transfer ownership of, any material Company Owned IP to any
          other Person; and

               (VIII) except for any Process Technology expressly identified as
          being licensed from third parties in Part 2.6(b)(viii) of the Company
          Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its Subsidiaries exclusively own
          all right, title, and interest in and to all Process Technology used
          in the conduct of the business as currently conducted.

          (C) To the Knowledge of the Company, all material Intellectual
     Property and Intellectual Property Rights necessary to conduct the business
     of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted are (A)
     exclusively owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, (B) licensed to the
     Company and its Subsidiaries or (C) otherwise in the possession or control
     of the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) subject to the Company's (or
     any of its Subsidiaries') lawful right to either use such Intellectual
     Property or exercise such Intellectual Property Rights, as applicable, in
     each case to the extent necessary to conduct the business of the Company
     and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, which right may have been
     acquired by means of an express or implied license; the application of the
     doctrine of fair use, patent exhaustion, first sale, or any other similar
     legal doctrine in any jurisdiction worldwide; the entry of such
     Intellectual Property into the public domain; joint ownership; a
     covenant-not-to-assert; or any other right, immunity, or privilege arising
     under applicable law. The parties acknowledge and agree that the foregoing
     statement does not constitute a representation or warranty as to, and is
     not intended to apply to, any potential, actual or suspected infringement,
     misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property Right of any
     other Person by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.


<PAGE>


          (D) To the Knowledge of the Company, (A) all Company Owned IP that is
     material Registered IP (other than pending applications for Registered IP)
     is valid in all material respects; and (B) all Company Owned IP that
     consists of a material copyright (whether registered or unregistered) is
     valid and subsisting in all material respects. Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing:

               (I) no registered trademark or service mark owned by the Company
          or any of its Subsidiaries, and no other trademark or service mark
          currently being used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the
          ordinary course of business (collectively, "COMPANY TRADEMARKS"),
          conflicts with any registered trademark of any other Person in any
          jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries currently
          markets or promotes (directly or through any Person who is authorized
          by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to so market and promote)
          any of their products or services through the use of the Company
          Trademarks, where as a result of such conflict, the Company and its
          Subsidiaries would not be able to use such Company Trademarks in such
          jurisdiction;

               (II) except for the Registered IP listed in Part 2.6(d)(ii) of
          the Company Disclosure Schedule, which the Company or its Subsidiaries
          has elected to abandon as of the date of this Agreement or may elect
          to abandon following the date of this Agreement in accordance with
          Section 4.1(b)(xiii), each item of Company Owned IP that is Registered
          IP is in compliance with all Legal Requirements, and all filings,
          payments and other actions required to be made or taken to maintain
          each item of material Company Owned IP that is Registered IP in full
          force and effect have been made by the applicable deadline;

               (III) all applications, material correspondence and other
          material documents related to each such item of Registered IP
          referenced in subsection (d)(ii) above provided or made available to
          Parent or its legal advisors are complete and accurate; and

               (IV) no interference, opposition, reissue, reexamination or other
          Legal Proceeding of any nature is pending or, to the Knowledge of the
          Company, threatened, in which the scope, validity or enforceability of
          any Company Owned IP is being, has been or is expected to be contested
          or challenged.

          (E) Neither the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of
     this Agreement, nor the consummation by the Company of any of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will, with or without notice
     or the lapse of time, give any other Person the right or option to cause:
     (i) a loss of, or Encumbrance on, any Company Owned IP; (ii) the release,
     disclosure or delivery of any Company Owned IP by any escrow agent to any
     other Person; or (iii) the grant, assignment or transfer to any other
     Person of any license or other material right or interest, such as an
     ownership interest or covenant-not-to-sue, under, in or to any material
     Company Owned IP.

          (F) To the Knowledge of the Company, since March 12, 2002, no Person
     has infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated any Company Owned IP,
     and (ii) no Person is currently infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
     violating, any Company Owned IP.


<PAGE>


          (G) (A) To the Knowledge of the Company, since March 12, 2002, neither
     the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, has infringed (directly,
     contributorily, by inducement or otherwise), misappropriated or otherwise
     violated any Intellectual Property Right (including patent rights) of any
     other Person; and (B) to the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company
     nor any of its Subsidiaries is infringing (directly, contributorily, by
     inducement or otherwise), misappropriating or otherwise violating any
     Intellectual Property Right of any other Person. Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing:

               (I) no infringement, misappropriation or similar Legal Proceeding
          is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any other Person who, as
          a party to one of the contracts listed in Part 2.6(a)(iii) of the
          Company Disclosure Schedule, may be entitled to be indemnified,
          defended, held harmless or reimbursed by the Company or any of the
          Designated Subsidiaries with respect to such Legal Proceeding;

               (II) in the two (2) year period prior to the date of this
          Agreement neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
          any written notice alleging infringement, misappropriation or
          violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
          employees, consultants, or independent contractors, of any
          Intellectual Property Right of another Person;

               (III) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is
          bound by any contract to indemnify, hold harmless or reimburse any
          other Person with respect to, or has assumed, pursuant to any
          contract, any existing or potential liability of another Person for,
          any intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or similar
          claim (other than any obligation entered into in the ordinary course
          of business that (A) requires the Company or such Subsidiary to
          indemnify a wafer fabrication customer against third-party claims
          alleging that the Process Technology infringes a third-party
          Intellectual Property Right, and (B) is limited to an aggregate
          liability that does not exceed the total consideration paid or payable
          by such customer to the Company or such Subsidiary, and other than
          pursuant to any express indemnification provisions in contracts
          identified in Part 2.6(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule); and

               (IV) to the Knowledge of the Company, no Legal Proceeding
          involving any Intellectual Property Right licensed to the Company or
          any of the Designated Subsidiaries pursuant to a contract identified
          in Part 2.6(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is pending,
          except for any such Legal Proceeding that would not reasonably be
          expected to have a material and adverse affect on the use or
          exploitation of such Intellectual Property Right by the Company or any
          of its Subsidiaries.

          (H) No source code for any Company Software has been delivered,
     licensed or made available to any escrow agent or other third party and
     neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, as of the date of this
     Agreement, any duty or obligation (whether present, contingent or
     otherwise) to deliver, license or make available the source code for any
     Company Software to any escrow agent or other third party. No event has
     occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists, that (with or without
     notice or lapse of time) will, or would reasonably be expected to, result
     in the release of any source code for any Company Software from any escrow
     agent or other third party to any other Person who is not, as of the date
     of this Agreement, an employee, consultant or independent contractor of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for licenses to the source code
     for any Company Software licensed to third parties in the ordinary course
     of business).


<PAGE>


          (I) The Company has paid in full, on or before the due date, all
     amounts owed pursuant to the cross-license agreement identified in Part
     2.6(a)(ii) and Part 2.6(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, other
     than payments that are not yet due.

          (J) No Company Software has been or is being distributed, in whole or
     in part, or was used, or is being used in conjunction with any Open Source
     Software under an Open Source License in a manner which would require that
     such Company Software (excluding the original Open Source Software) be
     disclosed or distributed in source code form or made available at no
     charge.

          (K) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has contributed or
     licensed, or agreed to contribute or license, any Company Owned IP to or
     through any standards body, standard setting organization, industry
     consortium, licensing pool, governmental entity, or other industry group or
     consortium (each, a "STANDARDS BODY"). Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries is a member of any Standards Body and has not participated in
     the development or approval of any standards or specifications proposed or
     established by any Standards Body. Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has agreed to dedicate any Company Owned IP to the public, or
     to make generally available in connection with any Standards Body any
     licenses to any Company Owned IP (1) on a royalty free basis, or (2) on
     fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms.

     2.7 TITLE TO ASSETS; REAL PROPERTY; EQUIPMENT; LEASEHOLDS.

          (A) The Company or one of its Subsidiaries owns, and has good title
     to, or in the case of assets purported to be leased by the Company or its
     Subsidiaries, leases and has valid leasehold interest in, all material
     assets necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and each
     Designated Subsidiary as currently conducted. Each such asset is owned or
     leased free of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances).
     Neither the Company nor any Designated Subsidiary owns any real property or
     interest in real property, except for the leaseholds created under the
     lease agreements identified on Part 2.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule
     and the fixtures appurtenant thereto (the "LEASED PROPERTIES" and "LEASE
     AGREEMENTS", respectively).

          (B) All material items of equipment and other tangible assets owned by
     or leased to the Company and its Subsidiaries are, taken as a whole,
     adequate for the uses to which they are being put, are in good condition
     and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted).

          (C) No Lease Agreement has been assigned or is subject to any
     sublease, and no Person (other than the Company or a Subsidiary of the
     Company) is in possession of any portion of the Leased Properties other
     than the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company to the extent subject to
     the Lease Agreements. All improvements constructed by any the Company or a
     Subsidiary of the Company within the Leased Properties were constructed in
     compliance in all material respects with all building codes, zoning
     ordinances and all other applicable Legal Requirements.


<PAGE>


          (D) As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
     Subsidiary of the Company has received written notice of any condemnation
     or eminent domain proceeding pending or threatened against the Leased
     Properties or any part thereof.

          (E) There is no Legal Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the
     Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
     concerning the Leased Properties which would reasonably be expected to have
     a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries to operate their businesses as currently conducted. As of the
     date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the
     Company has received any written notice from any Governmental Body that any
     condition on or improvements located on any of the Leased Properties are in
     violation of any applicable building codes, zoning or land use laws, or
     other law, order, ordinance, rule or regulation affecting the property.

     2.8 CONTRACTS.

          (A) Part 2.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list as
     of the date of this Agreement of each of the following contracts to which
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party:

               (I) each contract that would be required to be filed as an
          exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 under the Securities
          Act or an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (if such
          registration statement or report was filed by the Company with the SEC
          on the date of this Agreement);

               (II) any contract (A) relating to the employment of, or the
          performance of services by, any employee, consultant or independent
          contractor providing for a base annual compensation for any such
          Person greater than $100,000 other than employment agreements that may
          be terminated at will without payment of severance or other similar
          obligations (other than in accordance with the general severance
          policy), (B) pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
          is or may become obligated to make any severance, termination or
          similar payment to any current or former employee or director, or (C)
          pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may
          become obligated to make any bonus or similar payment (whether in the
          form of cash, stock or other securities, excluding payments
          constituting base salary and sales commissions) in excess of $75,000
          to any current or former employee or director, or (D) pursuant to
          which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become
          obligated to provide any form of compensation, increase benefits, or
          accelerate the vesting of any benefits, by the occurrence of any of
          the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or in
          connection with additional or subsequent events), or to calculate the
          value of any benefits on the basis of any of the transactions
          contemplated by this Agreement;

               (III) each contract that restricts the ability of the Company or
          any of its Subsidiaries to compete in any geographic area or line of
          business, or any contract that limits the ability of the Company to
          acquire a product or asset from another Person;

               (IV) each joint venture agreement or partnership agreement with a
          third party, other than agreements in the ordinary course relating to
          the design and manufacture of products for customers;


<PAGE>


               (V) each employment contract with any director or officer of the
          Company or its Designated Subsidiaries, other than non-binding offer
          letters;

               (VI) each contract that provides for indemnification of any
          officer, director, employee or agent;

               (VII) each contract (other than Contracts evidencing Company
          Options) (A) relating to the acquisition, issuance, voting,
          registration, sale or transfer of any of the Company's securities, (B)
          providing any Person with any preemptive right, right of
          participation, right of maintenance or similar right with respect to
          any of the Company's securities, or (C) providing the Company or any
          Subsidiary of the Company with any right of first refusal with respect
          to, or right to repurchase or redeem, any of the Company's securities;

               (VIII) each loan or credit agreement, indenture, mortgage, note
          or other contract evidencing indebtedness for money borrowed by the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries from a third party lender, and each
          contract pursuant to which any such indebtedness for borrowed money is
          guaranteed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

               (IX) each customer or supply contract (excluding purchase orders
          given or received in the ordinary course of business) under which the
          Company or any Subsidiary of the Company paid or received in excess of
          $400,000 in fiscal year 2007 or is expected to pay or receive in
          excess of $400,000 in fiscal year 2008;

               (X) each material "single source" supply contract pursuant to
          which goods or materials are supplied to the Company or any Subsidiary
          of the Company from an exclusive source or where procuring a
          replacement supplier would reasonably be expected to result in a
          material increase in costs;

               (XI) each distribution, agency or franchise contract;

               (XII) each collective bargaining agreement;

               (XIII) each lease involving real property pursuant to which the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to pay a monthly rental
          in excess of $10,000;

               (XIV) each lease or rental contract involving personal property
          (and not relating primarily to real property) pursuant to which the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to make rental payments
          in excess of $200,000 per year;

               (XV) each consulting contract providing for compensation in
          excess of $100,000 per year that is not terminable by the Company or
          any of its Subsidiaries on notice of 90 days or less;

               (XVI) each contract relating to the acquisition, sale or
          disposition of any business unit or product line of the Company and
          its Subsidiaries since December 31, 2005 or pursuant to which the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any remaining obligations;


<PAGE>


               (XVII) each contract (A) containing "standstill" or similar
          provisions relating to transactions involving the acquisition,
          disposition or other transfer of assets or securities of an Entity, or
          (B) imposing any right of first negotiation, right of first refusal or
          similar right on the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company;

               (XVIII) each contract creating a manufacturing supply arrangement
          pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary may require a third
          party to manufacture completed semiconductor wafers or pursuant to
          which the Company or any Subsidiary is required to purchase completed
          semiconductor wafers from a third party;

               (XIX) any contract relating to the creation of an Encumbrance
          (other than Permitted Encumbrances) with respect to any asset of the
          Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

               (XX) each contract relating to the purchase or sale of any
          product or other asset by or to, or the performance of any services by
          or for, any Affiliate of the Company other than purchase or sales of
          products on arms length terms in the ordinary course of business;

               (XXI) each contract that grants to any third party exclusive
          rights under any Company Owned IP; and

               (XXII) any other contract, if a breach of or the termination of
          such contract would reasonably be expected to have or result in a
          Material Adverse Effect on the Company;

(each contract listed in Part 2.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule being
referred to as a "MATERIAL CONTRACT").

The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor accurate and
complete copies of all Material Contracts in effect as of the date of this
Agreement, including all amendments thereto. There are no existing material
breaches or defaults on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under
any Material Contract; and, to the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date of
this Agreement, there are no existing material breaches or defaults on the part
of any other Person under any Material Contract. Except for Material Contracts
which expire or are not renewed after the date of this Agreement in accordance
with their terms, each Material Contract is valid, has not been terminated prior
to the date of this Agreement, is enforceable against the Company or the
applicable Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to such Material Contract,
and, to the Knowledge of the Company, is enforceable against the other parties
thereto, subject to (i) laws of general application relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency and the relief of debtors, and (ii) rules of law governing specific
performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies. To the Knowledge of
the Company, no event has occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists,
that (with or without notice or lapse of time) will, or would reasonably be
expected to, (A) result in a material violation or material breach of any of the
provisions of any Material Contract, (B) give any party to a Material Contract
the right to accelerate the maturity or performance of any Material Contract, or
(C) give any party to a material contract the right to cancel, terminate or
materially modify any Material Contract. As of the date of this Agreement,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice
regarding any unresolved issue that would constitute a material violation or
material breach of, or default under, any Material Contract. As of the date of
this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly
waived any of its material rights under any Material Contract except in the
ordinary course of business.


<PAGE>


          (B) Except as set forth in Part 2.8(b) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule:

               (I) since December 31, 2005, neither the Company nor any
          Subsidiary of the Company has received any determination of
          noncompliance, entered into any consent order or undertaken any
          internal investigation relating directly or indirectly to any contract
          or bid with an United States Governmental Entity;

               (II) since December 31, 2005, the Company and its Subsidiaries
          have complied with (A) all applicable Legal Requirements incorporated
          expressly by reference or by operation of applicable law with respect
          to all Government Contracts and government bids, and (B) all material
          terms and conditions with respect to all Government Contracts,
          including all clauses, provisions and requirements incorporated
          expressly, by reference, or by operation of applicable law;

               (III) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not, in obtaining or
          performing any Government Contract, violated, to the extent
          applicable, (A) the Truth in Negotiations Act of 1962, as amended, (B)
          the Service Contract Act of 1963, as amended, (C) the Contract
          Disputes Act of 1978, as amended, (D) the Office of Federal
          Procurement Policy Act, as amended, (E) the Federal Acquisition
          Regulations (the "FAR") or any applicable agency supplement thereto,
          (F) the Cost Accounting Standards, (G) the Defense Industrial Security
          Manual (DOD5220.22-M), (H) the Defense Industrial Security Regulation
          (DOD5220.22-R) or any related security regulations or (I) any other
          applicable procurement law or regulation or other similar Legal
          Requirement;

               (IV) since December 31, 2005, all facts set forth in or
          acknowledged by any of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company in
          any certification, representation, warranty or disclosure statement
          submitted by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company (as
          applicable) with respect to any Government Contract or government bid
          were current, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the
          date indicated in such submission or as of such other date as required
          by the Government Contract and government bid;

               (V) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, and, to the
          Knowledge of the Company, no current employee of the Company or its
          Subsidiaries, has been (during the three years prior to the date of
          this Agreement) debarred or formally suspended from doing business
          with any Governmental Entity;

               (VI) no negative determination of responsibility has been issued
          against and provided to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company
          in connection with any Government Contract or government bid and, to
          the Knowledge of the Company, no circumstances exist that would
          warrant a negative determination of responsibility against the Company
          or any Subsidiary of the Company in connection with any Government
          Contract or government bid;


<PAGE>


               (VII) since December 31, 2005, no Government Contract performed
          by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has been terminated
          for convenience or default;

               (VIII) no cost incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
          Company pertaining to a Government Contract has been questioned,
          challenged, investigated, or disallowed;

               (IX) there is not and, since December 31, 2005, has not been any
          (A) administrative, civil, criminal or other investigation, audit,
          Legal Proceeding, or indictment involving the Company or its
          Subsidiaries arising under or relating to the award or performance of
          any Government Contract, (B) outstanding material claim against the
          Company or its Subsidiaries by, or dispute involving any of the
          Company or its Subsidiaries with, any prime contractor, subcontractor,
          vendor or other Person arising under or relating to the award or
          performance of any Government Contract, or (C) final decision of any
          United States Governmental Entity against the Company or its
          Subsidiaries;

               (X) no payment has been made by the Company or any Subsidiary of
          the Company or by any Person acting on their behalf to any Person
          (other than to any bona fide employee or agent (as defined in subpart
          3.4 of the FAR)) which is or was contingent upon the award of any
          government contract or which would otherwise be in violation of any
          applicable procurement law or regulation or any other Legal
          Requirement;

               (XI) neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries has made any
          disclosure since December 31, 2005 to any United States Governmental
          Entity with respect to any Government Contract or government bid
          pursuant to any voluntary disclosure agreement;

               (XII) in each case in which any of the Company or a Subsidiary of
          the Company has delivered or otherwise provided any technical data,
          computer software or other Intellectual Property to any United States
          Governmental Entity in connection with any Government Contract, the
          Company or Subsidiary of the Company (as applicable) has provided such
          technical data, computer software and other Intellectual Property
          solely as a "commercial item" pursuant to the Company's or
          Subsidiary's (as applicable) commercial terms and conditions; and

               (XIII) there are no "most favored nation" or similar price
          reduction clauses in Government Contracts performed by the Company any
          Subsidiary of the Company.

     2.9 COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.

          (A) As of the date of this Agreement, the Company and its Subsidiaries
     are in compliance in all material respects with all Legal Requirements
     applicable to their businesses. Except as set forth in Part 2.9(a) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2005, neither the Company
     nor any Subsidiary has (a) received any written notice from any
     Governmental Entity regarding any actual or possible violation of, or
     failure to comply with any material provision of, any Legal Requirement or
     (b) filed or otherwise provided any written notice to any Governmental
     Entity regarding any actual or possible material violation of, or failure
     to comply with any material provision of, any Legal Requirement. There is
     no such notice outstanding or unresolved as of the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


          (B) The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance in all material
     respects with applicable provisions of United States export, re-export and
     import control laws and regulations related to the export or transfer of
     commodities, software and technology, including the Export Administration
     Regulations (15 C.F.R. ss.ss. 730-774); the International Traffic in Arms
     Regulations (22 C.F.R. ss.ss. 120-130); the economic sanctions regulations
     administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (31 C.F.R. ss.ss.
     500-598); and the Customs Regulations (19 C.F.R. ss.ss. 1-357).

          (C) The representations and warranties contained in this Section 2.9
     do not apply to Environmental Laws.

     2.10 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS.

          (A) As of the date of this Agreement:

               (I) there is no pending Legal Proceeding, and, to the Knowledge
          of the Company, no Person has since December 31, 2005 threatened in
          writing to commence any Legal Proceeding that, in either case: (a)
          involves the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of the assets
          owned or used thereby and would reasonably be expected to result in
          damages (after any insurance coverage therefor) to the Company in
          excess of $500,000; or (b) challenges, or that would reasonably be
          expected to have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or
          otherwise interfering with, the transactions contemplated by this
          Agreement.

               (II) there is no claim, dispute or Legal Proceeding pending (or,
          to the Knowledge of the Company, being threatened) against the Company
          or any of its Subsidiaries that is reasonably expected to have a
          Material Adverse Effect on the Company;

               (III) there is no material court order or judgment specific to
          the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to which the Company or any of
          the Designated Subsidiaries is subject;

               (IV) to the Knowledge of the Company, (x) none of the Company's
          stockholders is subject to any material court order or judgment that
          relates to the business or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary,
          and (y) no officer or key employee of the Company or any of its
          Subsidiaries is subject to any Order that prohibits such officer or
          employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity or
          practice relating to the business of the Company or any of its
          Subsidiaries as currently conducted or currently proposed to be
          conducted;

               (V) no investigation by any Governmental Entity with respect to
          the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the Knowledge
          of the Company, is being threatened; and

               (VI) to the Knowledge of the Company, no Governmental Entity is,
          as of the date of this Agreement, challenging the right of the Company
          or any of its Subsidiaries to design, manufacture, license, offer or
          sell any of its products or services.


<PAGE>


          (B) The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor
     accurate and complete copies of all attorneys' letters provided to the
     auditors of the Company in connection with the financial statements
     contained in the Company SEC Documents, including the Unaudited Interim
     Financials.

     2.11 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS. As of the date of this Agreement, the
Company and the Designated Subsidiaries hold all Governmental Authorizations
material to enable them to conduct their businesses in the manner in which such
businesses are currently being conducted. The Governmental Authorizations held
by the Company and the Designated Subsidiaries are, in all material respects,
valid and in full force and effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company
and the Designated Subsidiaries are in substantial compliance with the terms and
requirements of any material Governmental Authorizations. Between December 31,
2005 and the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Designated
Subsidiary has received any written notice from any Governmental Entity
regarding (a) any actual or possible violation of or failure to comply with any
term or requirement of any material Governmental Authorization, or (b) any
actual or possible revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination
or modification of any material Governmental Authorization. The representations
and warranties contained in this Section 2.11 do not apply to Governmental
Authorizations necessary under Environmental Laws.

     2.12 TAX MATTERS.

          (A) All Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the
     Company and its Subsidiaries with any Governmental Entities before the
     Effective Time (giving effect to all applicable extensions) (the "COMPANY
     RETURNS") (i) have been or will be filed on or before the applicable due
     date (as such due date may have been or may be extended), and (ii) have
     been, or will be when filed, prepared in compliance with applicable Legal
     Requirements in all material respects. All Taxes of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries have been or will be duly and timely paid at or before the
     applicable due date, other than any Taxes being contested in good faith and
     for which adequate reserves have been reflected on the Company's financial
     statements (including any related notes) contained in the Company SEC
     Documents and the Unaudited Interim Financials. All copies of Company
     Returns provided to Parent or Parent's legal advisor are accurate and
     complete.

          (B) The Company and each Subsidiary of the Company has withheld all
     Taxes required to have been withheld in connection with any amounts paid or
     owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or
     other third party, and to the extent due and payable has duly and timely
     paid such amounts to the appropriate tax authority.

          (C) The Unaudited Interim Financials fully accrue all actual and
     contingent liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries for all material
     Taxes with respect to all periods through March 31, 2008 in accordance with
     GAAP. The Company has established, in the ordinary course of business and
     consistent with its past practices, appropriate reserves for the payment of
     all material Taxes due and payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries for
     the period from March 31, 2008 through the Effective Time.


<PAGE>


          (D) As of the date of this Agreement, (i) to the Knowledge of the
     Company, there are no examinations or audits of any Company Return
     currently underway and no such examination or audit is pending or
     threatened in writing, (ii) no extension or waiver of the limitation period
     applicable to any Company Return or for the assessment or collection of
     Taxes is in effect and no such extension or waiver has been requested or is
     pending, (iii) no claim or Legal Proceeding is pending (or, to the
     Knowledge of the Company, is being threatened in writing) by any tax
     authority against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any
     Tax, (iv) there are no unsatisfied liabilities for Taxes with respect to
     any notice of deficiency or similar document received by the Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Tax (other than liabilities for
     Taxes asserted under any such notice of deficiency or similar document
     which are being contested in good faith and with respect to which adequate
     reserves for payment have been established on the Unaudited Interim
     Financials), and (v) there are no liens for Taxes (other than Permitted
     Encumbrances) upon any of the assets of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is or
     will be required to include any adjustment in taxable income for any tax
     period (or portion thereof) pursuant to Section 481 or 263A of the Code (or
     any comparable provision of any tax law, rule or regulation) as a result of
     transactions or events occurring, or accounting methods employed, prior to
     the Effective Time. The Company has not been a member of any combined,
     consolidated or unitary group for which it is or will be liable for taxes
     under the principles of Section 1.1502-6 of the Treasury Regulations (or
     any similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax law). Neither the
     Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any distribution of stock of
     any controlled corporation, as that term is defined in Section 355(a)(1) of
     the Code or had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction
     that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by
     Section 355 of the Code. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
     overtly disclosed in its Company Returns any tax reporting position taken
     in any Company Return which could result in the imposition of penalties
     under Section 6662 of the Code or any comparable Legal Requirement.

          (E) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
     tax indemnity agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax allocation agreement or
     similar contract or arrangement with respect to the sharing and/or
     allocation of Taxes.

          (F) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has
     consummated or participated in, or is currently participating in, any
     transaction that was or is a "listed transaction" or to the Knowledge of
     the Company, a "reportable transaction" within the meaning of Treasury
     Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b) or similar transaction under any
     corresponding or similar Legal Requirement.

          (G) The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's advisors all
     material documentation, including any tax rulings, relating to any
     temporary exemption from tax, tax rate reduction, tax credit, tax incentive
     or other special concession for the computation of tax made available by
     any Governmental Entity to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

          (H) Except as set forth in Part 2.12(h) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is a party
     to any contract or has adopted any plan that, in connection with the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement, would reasonably be expected
     to result, separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of (i) any
     "excess parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code
     (or any corresponding provisions of state, local or foreign tax law) and
     (ii) any amount that will not be fully deductible as a result of section
     162(m) of the Code (or any corresponding provisions of state, local or
     foreign tax law).


<PAGE>


          (I) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company will be
     required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction
     from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion there) ending after
     the Effective Time as a result of any: (A) "closing agreement" as described
     in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of
     state, local or foreign income tax law) executed prior to the Effective
     Time; or (B) installment sale or open transaction disposition made prior to
     the Effective Time.

     2.13 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.

          (A) The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor
     copies of all employee benefit plans and programs maintained or contributed
     to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or with respect to which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may in the future have any
     liability (including, without limitation, copies of all plans and forms of
     agreements under which stock, restricted stock, stock options, restricted
     stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards or any
     other stock award have been granted by the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries) (the "COMPANY PLANS"). Part 2.13(a) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule contains a complete and accurate list as of the date of this
     Agreement of the Company Plans. The Company Plans were duly adopted.
     Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiaries of the Company, has agreed or
     committed to (i) to establish or enter into any new employee benefit plans
     and programs, or (ii) modify any Company Plan (except as required to
     conform with applicable Legal Requirements as previously disclosed to
     Parent or as contemplated by this Agreement).

          (B) Each Company Plan that is intended by the Company to be qualified
     under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
     letter (or opinion letter, if applicable) from the U.S. Internal Revenue
     Service stating that such Company Plan is so qualified. Each Company Plan
     has been operated in substantial compliance with its terms and with all
     applicable Legal Requirements.

          (C) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has performed, in all
     material respects, all obligations required to be performed by it under the
     Company Plans, and, to the Knowledge of the Company as of the date of this
     Agreement, there has been no material default or violation by any other
     party of the terms of any Company Plan. Each Company Plan has been
     established and maintained in all material respects in accordance with its
     terms and in material compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements,
     including ERISA, the Code, and all applicable collective bargaining
     agreements. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in
     material liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries, no "prohibited
     transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections
     406 and 407 of ERISA, that is not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of
     ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred with respect to any Company
     Plan. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material
     liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries, there are no claims or Legal
     Proceedings pending, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or
     reasonably anticipated (other than routine claims for benefits), against
     any Company Plan or against the assets of any Company Plan. Each Company
     Plan (other than any Company Plan to be terminated prior to the Effective
     Time in accordance with this Agreement) may be amended, terminated or
     otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time in accordance with its
     terms, without material liability to Parent, the Company, or any Subsidiary
     of the Company (other than ordinary administration expenses and accrued
     benefits), subject to applicable Legal Requirements. There are no audits,
     inquiries or Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
     threatened by the IRS, the DOL, or any other Governmental Entity with
     respect to any Company Plan. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the
     Company, has in the last three years incurred any material penalty or tax
     with respect to any Company Plan under Section 502(i) of ERISA, under
     Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code or under any other applicable Legal
     Requirement. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely made all
     contributions and other payments required by and due under the terms of
     each Company Plan and all applicable collective bargaining agreements,
     except for such failures as would not reasonably be expected to result in
     material liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries.


<PAGE>


          (D) Except as set forth on Part 2.13(d) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, since December 31, 2007, there has not been any material change
     in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding obligations
     with respect to any Company Plan, or any material change in the manner in
     which contributions to any Company Plan are made or the basis on which
     contributions are to be determined.

     2.14 LABOR MATTERS.

          (A) The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor
     a report which accurately sets forth in all material respects, as of April
     24, 2008, with respect to each employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries
     as of such date (including any such employee who is on a leave of absence):

               (I) the employee number of such employee;

               (II) such employee's title; and

               (III) such employee's annualized base salary.

          (B) Part 2.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately
     identifies each former employee of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries
     who, as of May 15, 2008, is receiving or is currently scheduled to receive
     any severance benefits (whether from the Company or any Subsidiary of the
     Company or otherwise) relating to such former employee's employment with
     any of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

          (C) Except as set forth in Part 2.14(c) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, the employment of each of the employees of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries is terminable by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary of
     the Company at will, without payment of severance or other termination
     benefits required by any contract to which the Company is a party.

          (D) As of the date of this Agreement, to the actual knowledge of the
     Chief Executive Officer and Vice President, Human Resources of the Company,
     no director, officer or senior employee of any of the Company or a
     Subsidiary of the Company: (i) has disclosed to an intention to terminate
     his or her employment; or (ii) is a party to or is bound by any
     confidentiality agreement, noncompetition agreement or other contract (with
     any Person) that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
     effect on: (A) the performance by such employee of any of his duties or
     responsibilities as an employee of the Company or Subsidiary of the
     Company; or (B) the business or operations of the Company or Subsidiary of
     the Company.


<PAGE>


          (E) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material
     liability to the Company: (i) no current or former independent contractors
     of any of the Company or its Subsidiaries is a misclassified employee of
     the Company or Subsidiary, as applicable; (ii) no independent contractor
     (A) has provided services to any of the Company or its Subsidiaries for a
     period of six consecutive months or longer or (B) is eligible to
     participate in any Company Plan; and (iii) except as otherwise permitted by
     applicable Legal Requirements, neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries has ever had any temporary or leased employees who were not
     treated and accounted for in all respects as employees of the Company or a
     Subsidiary of the Company (including coverage under each applicable Company
     Plan).

          (F) There are no collective bargaining agreements or other labor union
     or works council agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     is a party (each a "LABOR AGREEMENT"), nor is any such Labor Agreement
     currently being negotiated, nor is there any current duty on the part of
     the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to bargain with any labor
     organization or works council or similar representative, nor are any labor
     organizations, works councils or similar organizations representing or, to
     the Knowledge of the Company, purporting to represent or seeking to
     represent any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
     Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor copies of
     (i) each Labor Agreement and all amendments, addenda or supplements
     thereto, (ii) all material correspondence and all charges, complaints,
     notices or orders received by the Company or any Subsidiary from the
     National Labor Relations Board or any labor organization during the period
     from the date four (4) years prior to the date of this Agreement, and (iii)
     all arbitration opinions interpreting and enforcing any Labor Agreement to
     which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or by which the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries is bound. Neither the Company nor any of its
     Subsidiaries during the past two (2) years had a National Labor Relations
     Board unfair labor practice charge, or representation petition, filed
     against it. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has had any
     strike, slowdown, work stoppage, boycott, picketing, lockout, job action,
     union labor dispute in the past two (2) years (other than routine contract
     negotiations). Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in
     material liability to the Company, to the Knowledge of the Company, as of
     May 15, 2008, there is no Legal Proceeding, claim (other than routine
     claims for benefits), labor dispute, collective bargaining, or grievance
     pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or reasonably
     anticipated, either by or against the Company or any Subsidiary of the
     Company, relating to any employment contract, collective bargaining
     obligation or agreement, wages and hours, leave of absence, plant closing
     notification, employment statute or regulation, privacy right, labor
     dispute, workers' compensation policy, retaliation, immigration or
     discrimination matter involving the Company or any Subsidiary of the
     Company.


<PAGE>


          (G) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) is, and at all times
     since December 31, 2005 has been, in material compliance with all
     applicable Legal Requirements and with any order, ruling, decree, judgment
     or arbitration award of any arbitrator or any court or other Governmental
     Entity respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of
     employment, wages, employee benefits, hours or other labor-related matters,
     including Legal Requirements relating to discrimination, wages and hours,
     labor relations, leave of absence requirements, occupational health and
     safety, privacy, harassment, retaliation, immigration, wrongful discharge
     or violation of the personal rights of employees; (ii) has withheld and
     reported in all material respects all amounts required by any Legal
     Requirement or contract to be withheld and reported with respect to wages,
     salaries and other payments to any employee; (iii) has no material
     liability for any arrears of wages or any taxes or any penalty for failure
     to comply with any of the foregoing; and (iv) has no material liability for
     any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on
     behalf of any Governmental Entity with respect to unemployment compensation
     benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for any employee
     (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of business
     and consistent with past practice). Since December 31, 2005, neither the
     Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has effectuated a "mass layoff,"
     "plant closing," partial "plant closing," "relocation" or "termination"
     (each as defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act
     (the "WARN ACT") or any similar Legal Requirement) affecting any site of
     employment or one or more facilities or operating units within any site of
     employment or facility of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

          (H) Except as expressly required or provided by this Agreement,
     neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
     any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone
     or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events) constitute
     an event under any Company Plan, trust or loan that will or may result
     (either alone or in connection with any other circumstance or event) in any
     payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration of any right,
     obligation or benefit, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution,
     increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any
     employee of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company.

          (I) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or any current or former
     ERISA Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary, has ever maintained,
     established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to any: (i) pension
     plan subject to Title IV of ERISA; (ii) "multiemployer plan" within the
     meaning of Section (3)(37) of ERISA; (iii) a plan described in Section 413
     of the Code; (iv) a plan subject to the minimum funding standards or
     Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA; or (v) pension plan in
     which stock of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company is
     or was held as a plan asset. The fair market value of the assets of each
     funded foreign plan, the liability of each insurer for any foreign plan
     funded through insurance, or the book reserve established for any foreign
     plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or
     provide in full for the accrued benefit obligations with respect to all
     current and former participants in such foreign plan according to the
     actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to determine
     employer contributions to and obligations under such foreign plan, and the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not cause any such assets
     or insurance obligations to be less than such benefit obligations, except
     as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the
     Company and its Subsidiaries. "ERISA AFFILIATE" means any Entity that,
     together with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would be deemed a
     "single employer" within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c) (m) or (o) of
     the Code.


<PAGE>


          (J) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the
     Company, has incurred any material penalties, excise taxes or interest
     under Title IV of ERISA and no condition exists that presents a risk now or
     in the future to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company
     of incurring any such liability (other than liability for benefits or
     premiums arising in the ordinary course), in each of the foregoing cases as
     would reasonably be expected to result in, or has resulted in, any material
     liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries. No pension plan of the
     Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has an "accumulated funding
     deficiency" (within the meaning of Section 301 of ERISA or Section 412 of
     the Code) whether or not waived. Except as set forth in Part 2.14(k) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule, with respect to each pension plan of the
     Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that is a defined benefit plan (as
     defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA), the assets of such plan equal or exceed
     the "benefit liabilities" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA) and
     valued on the basis of the continuation, and not the termination, of such
     pension plan. In the past three years, no "reportable event" within the
     meaning of Section 4043(c)(1), (4), (5), (6) or (13) of ERISA has occurred
     with respect to any pension plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
     Company that is a defined benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(35) of
     ERISA). With respect to any pension plan of the Company or any Subsidiary
     of the Company that is a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section
     3(37) of ERISA, the total potential withdrawal liability, within the
     meaning of Section 4201 of ERISA, if the Company or any Subsidiary or
     Affiliate of the Company were to withdraw from one or more of such pension
     plans would not be expected to have an adverse effect on, or result in a
     material liability to, the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.

          (K) No Company Plan provides (except at no cost to the Company or any
     Subsidiary of the Company), retiree life insurance, retiree health benefits
     or other retiree employee welfare benefits to any Person for any reason,
     except as may be required by COBRA or other applicable Legal Requirements.
     Other than commitments made that involve no future costs to any of the
     Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, neither the Company nor any
     Subsidiary of the Company, has to the Knowledge of the Company, ever
     promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any employee
     (either individually or as a group) that any such employee or other Person
     would be provided with retiree life insurance, retiree health benefits or
     other retiree employee welfare benefits, except to the extent required by
     applicable Legal Requirements.

          (L) Each Company Plan and each employment agreement, or other
     contract, plan, program, agreement, or arrangement to which the Company or
     any Subsidiary of the Company is a party that is a "nonqualified deferred
     compensation plan" (within the meaning of Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code)
     has been operated in good faith compliance with Section 409A of the Code
     and all applicable guidance relating thereto; and no additional tax under
     Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code has been or is reasonably expected to be
     incurred by a participant in any such Company Plan, employment agreement,
     or other contract, plan, program, agreement, or arrangement.

          (M) Part 2.14(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule accurately
     identifies as of the date hereof the number of employees of the Company or
     any Subsidiary of the Company who are not fully available to perform work
     because of long-term disability or other long-term leave.


<PAGE>


     2.15 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

          (A) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all
     applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects, which compliance
     includes the possession by each of the Company and its Subsidiaries of all
     Governmental Authorizations necessary under applicable Environmental Laws,
     and each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with
     the terms thereof. Between December 31, 2005 and the date of this
     Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
     written notice from a Governmental Entity that alleges that the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries is materially violating any Environmental Law. To
     the Knowledge of the Company, no current or prior owner of any property
     leased or controlled by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received
     any written notice from a Governmental Entity between December 31, 2005 and
     the date of this Agreement that alleges that such current or prior owner or
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is violating any Environmental Law.
     Between December 31, 2005 and the date of this Agreement, the Company and
     its Designated Subsidiaries have not released any Hazardous Materials at or
     from the Company's facilities, except in compliance with Environmental Laws
     and, to the Company's Knowledge, no hazardous materials have been released
     at any other locations where any Hazardous Materials were generated,
     manufactured, refined, transferred, stored, produced, imported, used,
     processed from or disposed of by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary
     and, in each case, for which the Company or any Designed Subsidiary has or
     could reasonably be expected to have any material liability under an
     Environmental Law. (For purposes of this Section 2.15, "ENVIRONMENTAL LAW"
     shall mean any Legal Requirement relating to protection of human health and
     safety, natural resources or the environment, including related to
     pollution, contamination, cleanup, preservation, protection, and
     reclamation of the environment, including any law regulating emissions,
     discharges or releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes and
     toxic substances, and "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" shall mean all materials,
     wastes, or substances defined by, or regulated under, any Environmental Law
     as a hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely
     hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, contaminant, pollutant, toxic
     waste, or toxic substance, including petroleum and petroleum products,
     asbestos, radon, lead, toxic mold, radioactive materials, and
     polychlorinated biphenyls.)

          (B) All Hazardous Materials stored, used, transported, disposed of and
     handled by the Company and its Subsidiaries have been stored, used,
     transported, disposed of and handled in material compliance with all
     Environmental Laws.

          (C) The Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal advisor
     results of all material environmental, health or safety assessments,
     investigations, studies, tests or other analyses performed since January 1,
     2006, and all Phase I site assessments (and all updates thereto) performed
     since January 1, 2001 in the Company's possession or control with respect
     to the facilities.

     2.16 INSURANCE.

          (A) Part 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies, as of
     the date of this Agreement, each insurance policy maintained by, at the
     expense of or for the benefit of the Company and the Designated
     Subsidiaries and the Company has made available to Parent or Parent's legal
     advisor accurate and complete copies of the insurance policies identified
     in Part 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. Each of the insurance
     policies identified in Part 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is
     in full force and effect or has been replaced with a policy that provides
     equivalent coverage in all material respects.


<PAGE>


          (B) Between December 31, 2005 and the date of this Agreement, neither
     the Company nor any Designated Subsidiary has received any written
     communication notifying the Company or any Designated Subsidiary of any (a)
     cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy identified or
     required to be identified in Part 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule (except with respect to policies that have been replaced with
     similar policies), (b) refusal of any coverage or rejection of any material
     claim under any such insurance policy (other than standard reservation of
     rights letters), or (c) material increase in the amount of the premiums
     payable with respect to any such insurance policy. As of the date of this
     Agreement, except as set forth in Part 2.16(b) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule, there is no pending claim by the Company or any Designated
     Subsidiary under any insurance policy identified or required to be
     identified in Part 2.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

     2.17 CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Except as set forth in Part 2.17 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has: (a) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts or entertainment, or
for other unlawful expenses, related to political activity; (b) made any
unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to
foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns; or (c) violated any
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

     2.18 PRODUCT WARRANTIES. As of the date of this Agreement, except as set
forth in Part 2.18 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the
Company, there are no material claims pending or being threatened against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any warranties provided by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to their respective
products.

     2.19 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. To the Knowledge of the Company, between
the date of the Company's last proxy statement filed with the SEC and the date
of this Agreement, no event has occurred that would be required to be reported
by the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.

     2.20 AUTHORITY; BINDING NATURE OF AGREEMENT; BOARD APPROVAL.

          (A) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
     execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations under
     this Agreement and, subject to the adoption of this Agreement by holders of
     a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in accordance
     with the DGCL and the Company's Organizational Documents, to consummate the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
     this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
     Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been
     duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
     of the Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the
     Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than, with respect to the
     Merger, the adoption of this Agreement by the holders of a majority of the
     then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the DGCL
     and the Company's Organizational Documents and the filing of the
     appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL. This Agreement has
     been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming
     the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent
     and Merger Sub, constitutes the legal and binding obligation of the
     Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
     subject to (i) laws of general application relating to bankruptcy,
     insolvency and the relief of debtors, and (ii) rules of law governing
     specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.


<PAGE>


          (B) The board of directors of the Company has (i) determined that the
     Merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company
     and its stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement, the Merger and the
     other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) determined,
     subject to the terms of this Agreement, to make the Company Board
     Recommendation, all by a vote of the members of such board of directors
     present at a meeting to consider and vote upon such matters.

     2.21 VOTE REQUIRED. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote with respect to the Merger
and outstanding on the record date for the Company Stockholders Meeting is the
only vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company's capital stock
necessary to adopt this Agreement.

     2.22 NON-CONTRAVENTION; CONSENTS. Except as set forth in Part 2.22 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not directly or indirectly
(with or without notice or lapse of time):

          (A) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of (i) any of
     the provisions of the Organizational Documents of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries, or (ii) any resolution adopted by the stockholders or the
     board of directors, or any committee thereof, of the Company;

          (B) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation in any material
     respect or breach of, or result in a default in any material respect under,
     any provision of any Material Contract, including the Indenture, or give
     any Person the right to (i) declare a default or exercise any remedy under
     any Material Contract, or (ii) accelerate the maturity or performance in
     any material respect of any obligation under any Material Contract (it
     being clarified that, assuming Parent executes a supplemental indenture in
     accordance with Section 10.12 of the Indenture and Parent Ordinary Shares
     continue to be approved for listing on The Nasdaq Global Market, the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not constitute a
     Fundamental Change (as such term is defined in the Indenture));

          (C) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the
     terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Entity the right to
     revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any material
     Governmental Authorization that is held by the Company or any Designated
     Subsidiary or that otherwise relates to the business of any of the Company
     or any Designated Subsidiary or to any material assets owned or leased by
     any of the Company or its Designated Subsidiaries;


<PAGE>


          (D) result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or
     with respect to any asset owned or used by the Company or any Designated
     Subsidiary (except for Permitted Encumbrances); or

          (E) result in the transfer of any material asset of the Company or any
     Designated Subsidiary to any Person.

Except as may be required by the Exchange Act, the DGCL, antitrust or
competition laws of foreign jurisdictions or the Bylaws of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., the Company is not required to make any
filing with or to obtain any consent from any Person at or prior to the
Effective Time in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the Merger, except where
the failure to make any such filing or obtain any such consent would not have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     2.23 TAKEOVER STATUTES. As of the date hereof, no state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation applies to or purports to apply to the Merger,
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that would
require the Company to take any action prior to the execution and delivery of
this Agreement that has not been taken.

     2.24 OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR. The Company's Board of Directors has
received the opinion of UBS Securities LLC to the effect that, as of the date of
such opinion specified therein and subject to the various qualifications and
assumptions set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Company Common Stock, and the Company will
provide a copy of such opinion to Parent solely for informational purposes as
soon as reasonably practicable after receipt thereof by the Company.

     2.25 BROKERS. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than UBS
Securities LLC) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other similar fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.

     2.26 REGISTRATION STATEMENT/PROXY STATEMENT. The written information to be
supplied by the Company for inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall
not on the date the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is first mailed to the
stockholders of the Company, at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting and
at the Effective Time, (i) contain any untrue statement of a material fact, (ii)
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or (iii) omit to state any material
fact necessary to correct any statement in any earlier written communication
constituting a solicitation of proxies by the Company for the Company
Stockholders Meeting which has in the interim become false or misleading in any
material respect.


<PAGE>


     2.27 RECEIVABLES; CUSTOMERS; SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS.

          (A) All of existing accounts receivable of the Company and its
     Subsidiaries reflected on the Unaudited Interim Financials that have not
     yet been collected (i) represent valid obligations of customers arising
     from bona fide transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business
     and (ii) are current and, to the Knowledge of the Company, will be
     collected in full, without any counterclaim or set off (net of an allowance
     for doubtful accounts of $300,000).

          (B) Part 2.27(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule provides a list as
     of the date of this Agreement of all outstanding loans and advances made by
     the Company and any Subsidiary of the Company to any stockholder, employee,
     director, consultant or independent contractor, other than advances made to
     employees, directors, consultants or independent contractors for business
     expenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

          (C) As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any
     Subsidiary of the Company has received any written notice from any material
     customer indicating that any such customer plans to cease dealing with the
     Company or the applicable Subsidiary or may otherwise materially reduce the
     volume of business transacted by such customer with the Company or the
     applicable Subsidiary below historical levels.

          (D) Except as set forth on Part 2.27(d) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule and except for outstanding accounts receivables from any customer
     in an amount less than $100,000, as of May 13, 2008, each customer of the
     Company or a Subsidiary of the Company has paid in full, on or before the
     due date, all amounts owed by such customer to the Company or its
     Subsidiary (as the case may be).

          (E) Except as set forth on Part 2.27(e) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule and except for outstanding accounts payable from any supplier or
     service provider in an amount less than $100,000, as of May 13, 2008, each
     of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid in full, on or before the due
     date, all amounts owed to their respective suppliers and service providers.

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

     Parent and Merger Sub hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to
the Company that, except as set forth in the disclosure schedule delivered to
the Company on the date of this Agreement (the "PARENT DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE"):

     3.1 DUE ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING.

          (A) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly
     organized, validly existing and (where such concept is recognized under the
     laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated) in good standing
     under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, and has all
     requisite corporate power and authority necessary to: (i) carry on its
     business as it is now being conducted; and (ii) perform its obligations
     under all contracts to which it is a party or under which it has rights
     and/or obligations. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
     to do business and is in good standing in each state or foreign
     jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
     qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would
     not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Neither Parent nor any
     Subsidiary of Parent has agreed or is obligated to make or may become
     obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution in any
     other Entity.


<PAGE>


          (B) Part 3.1 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule lists all Subsidiaries
     of Parent, together with the jurisdiction of organization of each such
     Subsidiary.

     3.2 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION; CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION; BYLAWS. Parent
has made available to the Company or the Company's legal advisor: (i) copies of
the Organizational Documents of Parent and each Subsidiary of Parent, including
all amendments thereto; and (ii) the stock or other equity records of Parent and
each Subsidiary of Parent.. The stock or other equity records of Parent are
accurate, up-to-date and complete in all material respects. Parent is not in
violation of its Organizational Documents.

     3.3 CAPITALIZATION, ETC.

          (A) The authorized share capital of Parent consists of 800,000,000
     shares of Parent Ordinary Shares. As of 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May 15,
     2008: (i) 125,364,021 Parent Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding,
     of which no shares were unvested or were subject to any repurchase rights,
     risk of forfeiture or other similar condition in favor of Parent; (ii)
     37,429,273 Parent Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the exercise of
     warrants that were issued and outstanding; (iii) 32,702,228 Parent Ordinary
     Shares were issuable upon the exercise of options that were issued and
     outstanding; (iv) 57,683,366 Parent Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the
     conversion of convertible debentures that were outstanding; and (v)
     117,763,158 Parent Ordinary Shares were issuable upon the conversion of
     capital notes that were outstanding . Between 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time on May
     15, 2008 and the date of this Agreement, Parent has not issued any Parent
     Ordinary Shares except shares issued upon exercise of outstanding options
     or warrants or conversion of outstanding convertible debentures. As of the
     date of this Agreement, in the aggregate, 787,000 Parent Ordinary Shares
     were reserved for future issuance pursuant to Parent's equity incentive
     plans.

          (B) All the outstanding shares of capital stock of Parent and each
     Subsidiary of Parent have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
     fully paid and nonassessable.

          (C) Except as set forth in Part 3.3(c)(i) of the Parent Disclosure
     Schedule (i) none of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Parent is
     entitled or subject to any preemptive right or right of participation; (ii)
     none of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of Parent is subject to
     any right of first refusal or similar right in favor of Parent; and (iii)
     there is no agreement in place relating to the voting or registration of,
     or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise
     disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with respect to), any
     shares of the capital stock of Parent.


<PAGE>


          (D) Except for options, rights, securities and plans referred to in
     Section 3.3(a), as of the date of this Agreement and except as set forth on
     Part 3.3(d) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, there is no: (i) outstanding
     subscription, option, call, warrant or stock appreciation right or other
     right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any shares of the
     capital stock or other securities of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent;
     (ii) outstanding restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards,
     performance stock awards or performance cash awards; (iii) outstanding
     security, instrument or obligation that is or may become convertible into
     or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or other securities of
     Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent; (iv) contract under which Parent or any
     Subsidiary of Parent is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue
     any shares of its capital stock or any other securities; or (v) to the
     Knowledge of Parent, condition or circumstance that may give rise to or
     provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect
     that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any capital stock of
     Parent or other securities of Parent.

          (E) All outstanding shares of capital stock, options, warrants, stock
     appreciation rights and other securities or equity interests of Parent have
     been issued and granted in compliance in all material respects with all
     applicable securities laws and other applicable Legal Requirements.

          (F) All of the outstanding equity interests of each of Parent's
     Subsidiaries: (i) have been duly authorized and validly issued, (ii) are
     nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, with no obligation to
     contribute additional capital, and (iii) except as set forth in Part 3.3(f)
     of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, are owned beneficially and of record by
     Parent, free and clear of any Encumbrances (other than Permitted
     Encumbrances).

     3.4 SEC FILINGS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; FINANCIAL CONTROLS.

          (A) All registration statements (on a form other than Form S-8),
     annual and current reports and other documents required to be filed by
     Parent with the SEC between February 2, 2006 and the date of this Agreement
     (the "PARENT SEC DOCUMENTS") have been so filed. As of the time it was
     filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the
     date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing): (i) each of the
     Parent SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable
     requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may
     be); and (ii) none of the Parent SEC Documents contained any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
     to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
     in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
     misleading. Between March 13, 2006 and the date of this Agreement, Parent
     has filed or furnished, as applicable, on a timely basis all forms,
     statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed with
     the Israeli Securities Authority (the "ISA") under the Israeli Securities
     Law 1968 and any regulation promulgated thereunder (the "ISRAELI SECURITIES
     LAW") (the forms, statements, reports and documents filed with or furnished
     to the ISA, the "PARENT ISRAEL REPORTS" and, together with the Parent SEC
     Documents, the "PARENT REPORTS"). Each of the Parent Israel Reports, at the
     time of its filing, complied in all material respects with the applicable
     requirements of the Israeli Securities Law. As of their respective dates
     (or, if amended prior to the date hereof, as of the date of such amendment)
     Parent Israel Reports did not contain any untrue statement of a material
     fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
     necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
     circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.


<PAGE>


          (B) (i) The financial statements (including any related notes)
     contained in the Parent Reports; and (ii) the unaudited consolidated
     balance sheet of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of March 31,
     2008 and the related unaudited consolidated statement of operations,
     statement of changes in shareholders' equity and statement of cash flows of
     Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the three months then ended,
     together with the notes thereto (the "UNAUDITED PARENT INTERIM FINANCIALS")
     were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis
     throughout the periods covered (except as may be indicated in the notes to
     such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited statements, as
     permitted by Form 6-K of the SEC) and fairly present, in all material
     respects, the consolidated financial position of Parent and its
     Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated
     results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods
     covered thereby (except that unaudited financial statements may not contain
     footnotes and are subject to year-end adjustments, which are not reasonably
     expected to be individually or in the aggregate, material in magnitude).

          (C) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities of
     the type required to be disclosed in the liabilities column of a balance
     sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for: (i) liabilities
     disclosed in the financial statements (including any related notes)
     contained in the Parent Reports and the Unaudited Interim Financials; (ii)
     liabilities incurred since March 31, 2008 and in the ordinary course of
     business; (iii) liabilities and obligations incurred in connection with
     Parent's performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated hereby; (iv) liabilities described in Part 3.4(c)
     of the Parent Disclosure Schedule; and (v) liabilities incurred on or
     following the date of this Agreement to the extent such liabilities would
     not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
     Parent.

          (D) Neither Parent nor any Subsidiary of Parent has ever effected or
     maintained any "off-balance sheet arrangement" (as defined in Item 303(c)
     of Regulation S-K of the SEC).

          (E) Parent and its Subsidiaries maintain adequate internal accounting
     controls that are reasonably designed to ensure that: (i) transactions are
     executed with management's general or specific authorization; (ii)
     transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the
     consolidated financial statements of Parent and its consolidated
     Subsidiaries and to maintain accountability for the assets of Parent and
     its Subsidiaries; (iii) access to the assets of Parent and its Subsidiaries
     is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific
     authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
     with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
     taken with respect to any differences.

          (F) Parent's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as such terms are
     defined in paragraph (e) of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act) are
     reasonably designed to ensure that material information required to be
     disclosed by the Company in its reports that it files or furnishes under
     the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
     time period specified in the rules and forms of the Commission, and that
     all such material information is accumulated and communicated to the
     Company's management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
     required disclosure and to make the certifications of the principal
     executive officer and principal financial officer of Parent required under
     the Exchange Act with respect to such reports.


<PAGE>


          (G) Parent's management has completed assessment of the effectiveness
     of Parent's internal control over financial reporting in compliance with
     the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the year
     ended December 31, 2007, and such assessment concluded that such controls
     were effective. Parent has made available to the Company or the Company's
     legal advisor any material communication made by management or Parent's
     auditors prior to the date of this Agreement to the audit committee
     required or contemplated by listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Market,
     the audit committee's charter or professional standards of the Public
     Company Accounting Oversight Board. As of the date of this Agreement, no
     material complaints from any source regarding accounting, internal
     accounting controls or auditing matters, and no material concerns from
     Parent or subsidiary of the Parent employees regarding questionable
     accounting or auditing matters, have been received by Parent.

          (H) As of the date of this Agreement, Parent is in compliance in all
     material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
     and with applicable listing and other rules and regulations of the Nasdaq
     Global Market and has not received any notice from the Nasdaq Global Market
     asserting any material non-compliance with such rules and regulations. As
     of the date of this Agreement, each of the principal executive officer of
     Parent and the principal financial officer of Parent has made all
     certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and
     Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the Parent
     SEC Documents, and the statements contained in such certifications are
     accurate in all material respects. For purposes of this Agreement,
     "principal executive officer" and "principal financial officer" shall have
     the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Neither Parent
     nor any of its subsidiaries has outstanding, or has arranged any
     outstanding, "extensions of credit" in the form a personal loan to
     directors or executive officers within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the
     Exchange Act. No attorney representing Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
     whether or not employed by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported
     evidence of a violation of securities laws by Parent, any Subsidiary of
     Parent or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to Parent's
     chief legal officer, audit committee (or other committee designated for the
     purpose) of Parent's board of directors or Parent's board of directors.

     3.5 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Between December 31, 2007 and the date of
this Agreement, and except as set forth on Part 3.5 of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has: (a) suffered any
adverse change with respect to its business, customers, suppliers or financial
condition which has had a Material Adverse Effect on Parent; (b) amended its
Organizational Documents, or effected or been a party to (other than as a
stockholder) any recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split,
reverse stock split or similar transaction; (c) changed, in any material
respect, its accounting methods, principles or practices except as required by
changes in GAAP; (d) declared, set aside or paid any dividend or made any other
distribution with respect to the outstanding Parent Ordinary Shares or
repurchased or redeemed any Parent Ordinary Shares or other securities of
Parent; (e) acquired any equity interest or voting interest in any Entity (other
than a Subsidiary disclosed in Part 3.1 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule); (f)
commenced or settled any Legal Proceeding (i) involving damages for greater than
$100,000, (ii) involving the payment of more than $100,000, or (iii) seeking
specific performance or injunctive relief; (g) received a written claim by a
third party in which the commencement of a Legal Proceeding involving damages
for greater than $100,000 is threatened; or (h) entered into any binding
agreement to take any of the actions referred to in clauses "(b)" through "(g)"
of this sentence.


<PAGE>


     3.6 IP RIGHTS.

          (A) Parent and its Subsidiaries exclusively own all right, title and
     interest to and in the Parent Owned IP free and clear of any Encumbrances
     (other than Permitted Encumbrances). Without limiting the generality of the
     foregoing, Parent and its Subsidiaries exclusively own all right, title and
     interest to and in Parent Owned IP created or developed using any funding,
     facilities or personnel of any Governmental Entity or any university or
     other educational institution.

          (B) To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent possesses (by ownership,
     license or otherwise) all material Intellectual Property and Intellectual
     Property necessary to conduct the business of Parent and its Subsidiaries
     as currently conducted. The parties acknowledge and agree that the
     foregoing statement does not constitute a representation or warranty as to,
     and is not intended to apply to, any potential, actual or suspected
     infringement, misappropriation or violation of any Intellectual Property
     Right of any other Person by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

     3.7 CONTRACTS.

          (A) Part 3.7 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule contains a list as of
     the date of this Agreement of each of the following contracts to which
     Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party:

               (I) each contract (A) relating to the acquisition, issuance,
          voting, registration, sale or transfer of any of Parent's securities,
          (B) providing any Person with any preemptive right, right of
          participation, right of maintenance or similar right with respect to
          any of Parent's securities, or (C) providing Parent or any Subsidiary
          of Parent with any right of first refusal with respect to, or right to
          repurchase or redeem, any of Parent's securities;

               (II) each loan or credit agreement, indenture, mortgage, note or
          other contract evidencing indebtedness for money borrowed by Parent or
          any of its Subsidiaries from a third party lender, and each contract
          pursuant to which any such indebtedness for borrowed money is
          guaranteed by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case
          involving indebtedness in excess of $1 million;

               (III) any contract relating to the creation of a security
          interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation or other similar encumbrance
          with respect to any asset of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, where
          such contract relates to indebtedness in excess of $1 million;

(each contract listed in Part 3.7 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule being
referred to as a "PARENT MATERIAL CONTRACT").


<PAGE>


          (B) Parent has made available to the Company or the Company's legal
     advisor accurate and complete copies of all Parent Material Contracts (as
     defined below) in effect as of the date of this Agreement, including all
     amendments thereto. There are no existing material breaches or defaults on
     the part of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under any Parent Material
     Contract; and, to the Knowledge of Parent, there are no existing material
     breaches or defaults on the part of any other Person under any Parent
     Material Contract. Each Parent Material Contract is valid, has not been
     terminated prior to the date of this Agreement, is enforceable against
     Parent or the applicable Subsidiary of Parent that is a party to such
     Parent Material Contract, and, to the Knowledge of Parent, is enforceable
     against the other parties thereto, subject to (i) laws of general
     application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors,
     and (ii) rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and
     other equitable remedies. To the Knowledge of Parent, no event has
     occurred, and no circumstance or condition exists, that (with or without
     notice or lapse of time) will, or would reasonably be expected to, (A)
     result in a material violation or material breach of any of the provisions
     of any Parent Material Contract, (B) give any party to a Parent Material
     Contract the right to accelerate the maturity or performance of any Parent
     Material Contract, or (C) give any party to a material contract the right
     to cancel, terminate or materially modify any Parent Material Contract. As
     of the date of this Agreement, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries
     has received any written notice regarding any unresolved issue that would
     constitute a material violation or material breach of, or default under,
     any Parent Material Contract. As of the date of this Agreement, neither
     Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowingly waived any of its material
     rights under any Parent Material Contract except in the ordinary course of
     business.

          (C) The Merger, and the issuance of the Parent Ordinary Shares in
     connection therewith, will not trigger any anti-dilution provisions under
     the terms of any debentures, options or warrants or require Parent to issue
     additional Parent Ordinary Shares or other securities of Parent or reduce
     the exercise or conversion price of any options or warrants exercisable
     for, or notes or debentures convertible into, Parent Ordinary Shares or
     other securities of Parent or otherwise give effect to any similar
     adjustments to any of Parent's securities.

          (D) Parent's failure to meet the conditions of the Investment Center
     approval with respect to Fab 2 have not been deemed and, to its Knowledge,
     will not be deemed as a cross-default under the terms of the Facility
     Agreement.

          (E) Based on the financial statements of the Company disclosed in the
     Company SEC Reports, immediately following the Closing, on a pro forma
     basis as if the Merger had occurred as of, and for the twelve months ended,
     March 31, 2008, Parent will not be in breach of the covenants in Section
     5.1 of the Conversion Agreements, dated September 28, 2006, with each of
     Bank Hapoalim B.M. and Bank Leumi Le-Israel B.M.

     3.8 COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.

          (A) As of the date of this Agreement, the Parent and its Subsidiaries
     are in compliance in all material respects with all Legal Requirements
     applicable to their businesses. Except as set forth in Part 3.8(a) of the
     Parent Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2005, neither Parent nor any
     of its Subsidiaries have (a) received any written notice from any
     Governmental Entity regarding any actual or possible violation of, or
     failure to comply with any material provision of, any Legal Requirement or
     (b) filed or otherwise provided any written notice to any Governmental
     Entity regarding any actual or possible material violation of, or failure
     to comply with any material provision of, any Legal Requirement. There is
     no such notice outstanding or unresolved as of the date of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


          (B) The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all
     material respects with applicable provisions of United States export,
     re-export and import control laws and regulations related to the export or
     transfer of commodities, software and technology, including the Export
     Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. ss.ss. 730-774); the International
     Traffic in Arms Regulations (22 C.F.R. ss.ss. 120-130); the economic
     sanctions regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control
     (31 C.F.R. ss.ss. 500-598); and the Customs Regulations (19 C.F.R. ss.ss.
     1-357).

     3.9 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS. As of the date of this Agreement:

          (A) there is no Legal Proceeding pending (or, to the Knowledge of
     Parent, being overtly threatened) against Parent or Merger Sub that would
     materially and adversely affect Parent's or Merger Sub's ability to
     consummate any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

          (B) there is no claim, dispute or Legal Proceeding pending (or, to the
     Knowledge of Parent, being threatened) against Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries that is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
     on Parent;

          (C) there is no material court order or judgment to which Parent or
     Merger Sub is subject that is reasonably expected to have a Material
     Adverse Effect on Parent or that would materially and adversely affect
     Parent's or Merger Sub's ability to consummate any of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement; and

          (D) no investigation by any Governmental Entity with respect to
     Parent, Merger Sub or any other Affiliate of Parent is pending or is being
     overtly threatened, other than any investigation that would not materially
     and adversely affect Parent's or Merger Sub's ability to consummate any of
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.10 GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATIONS. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent
and its Subsidiaries hold all Governmental Authorizations material to enable
them to conduct their businesses in the manner in which such businesses are
currently being conducted. The Governmental Authorizations held by Parent and
its Subsidiaries are, in all material respects, valid and in full force and
effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent and its Subsidiaries are in
substantial compliance with the terms and requirements of any material
Governmental Authorizations. Between December 31, 2005 and the date of this
Agreement, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice from any Governmental Entity regarding (a) any actual or possible
violation of or failure to comply with any term or requirement of any material
Governmental Authorization, or (b) any actual or possible revocation,
withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or modification of any
material Governmental Authorization.

     3.11 CERTAIN BUSINESS PRACTICES. Except as set forth in Part 3.11 of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has: (a)
used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts or entertainment, or for other
unlawful expenses, related to political activity; (b) made any unlawful payment
to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to foreign or
domestic political parties or campaigns; or (c) violated any provision of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.


<PAGE>


     3.12 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES. To the Knowledge of Parent, between the
date of Parent's last annual report filed with the SEC and the date of this
Agreement, no event has occurred that would be required to be reported by Parent
pursuant to Item 7.B of Form 20-F promulgated by the SEC.

     3.13 AUTHORITY; BINDING NATURE OF AGREEMENT.

          (A) Parent has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
     into and to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The execution and
     delivery of this Agreement by Parent and the consummation by Parent of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by
     all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent, and no other
     corporate proceedings on the part of Parent are necessary to authorize this
     Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
     on behalf of Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
     delivery of this Agreement on behalf of the Company, constitutes the valid
     and binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance
     with its terms, subject to (i) laws of general application relating to
     bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors, and (ii) rules of law
     governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable
     remedies. Merger Sub is a newly formed, wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
     and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to
     perform its obligations under this Agreement. The execution and delivery of
     this Agreement by Merger Sub and the consummation by Merger Sub of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by
     all necessary corporate action on the part of Merger Sub, and no other
     corporate proceedings on the part of Merger Sub are necessary to authorize
     this Agreement other than, with respect to the Merger, the filing and
     recordation of the appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL.
     Parent, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, will vote to adopt this
     Agreement immediately after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
     This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Merger
     Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
     Agreement on behalf of the Company, constitutes the valid and binding
     obligation of Merger Sub, enforceable against Merger Sub in accordance with
     its terms, subject to (i) laws of general application relating to
     bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors, and (ii) rules of law
     governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable
     remedies.

          (B) The Board of Directors of Parent has (i) determined that the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best
     interests of Parent and its shareholders, and (ii) authorized and approved
     the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent. The
     Board of Directors of Merger Sub has (A) determined that the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of
     Merger Sub and its stockholder, and (B) authorized and approved the
     execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Merger Sub.


<PAGE>


     3.14 NON-CONTRAVENTION; CONSENTS. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub
of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

          (A) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of (i) any of
     the provisions of the Organizational Documents of Parent or Merger Sub, or
     (ii) any resolution adopted by the stockholders or the board of directors,
     or any committee thereof, of Parent or Merger Sub;

          (B) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation in any material
     respect or breach of, or result in a default in any material respect under,
     any provision of any Parent Material Contract (including the Facility
     Agreement); or give any Person the right to (i) declare a default or
     exercise any remedy under the Parent Material Contract, or (ii) accelerate
     the maturity or performance in any material respect of any obligation under
     the Parent Material Contract;

          (C) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of, or give any
     Governmental Entity the right to challenge the Merger or to exercise any
     remedy or obtain any relief under, any Legal Requirement or any Order,
     except (i) under applicable antitrust laws, and (ii) for conflicts or
     violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
     expected to have a material adverse effect on Parent or Merger Sub's
     ability to consummate the Merger;

          (D) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the
     terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Entity the right to
     revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any material
     Governmental Authorization that is held by Parent or Merger Sub or that
     otherwise relates to the business of any of Parent or Merger Sub or to any
     material assets owned or leased by any of Parent or Merger Sub;

          (E) result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or
     with respect to any asset owned or used by Parent or Merger Sub (except for
     Permitted Encumbrances); or

          (F) result in the transfer of any material asset of Parent or Merger
     Sub to any Person.

Except as may be required by the Exchange Act, the DGCL, or the antitrust or
competition laws of foreign jurisdictions, neither Parent nor Merger Sub, nor
any of Parent's other Affiliates, is required to make any filing with or to
obtain any consent from any Person at or prior to the Effective Time in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or Merger
Sub or the consummation by Parent or Merger Sub of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, except where the failure to make any such filing
or obtain any such consent would not materially and adversely affect Parent's or
Merger Sub's ability to consummate any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No vote of Parent's shareholders is necessary to adopt this Agreement
or to approve any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     3.15 NOT AN INTERESTED STOCKHOLDER. Neither Parent nor any of its
"affiliates" or "associates" is or has been during the past three years an
"interested stockholder" (as such term is defined in Section 203 of the DGCL) of
the Company.

     3.16 OWNERSHIP OF SHARES. Neither Parent nor any of Parent's Affiliates
directly or indirectly owns, and at all times during the past three years,
neither Parent nor any of Parent's Affiliates has owned, beneficially or
otherwise, any shares of Company Common Stock or any securities, contracts or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of
Company Common Stock.


<PAGE>


     3.17 BROKERS. No broker, finder or investment banker (other than Citigroup
Global Markets, Inc.) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other similar
fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Parent.

     3.18 ACTIVITIES OF MERGER SUB. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose
of effecting the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Merger Sub has engaged in no activities other than those contemplated
by this Agreement and has no liabilities other than those contemplated by this
Agreement.

     3.19 REGISTRATION STATEMENT/PROXY STATEMENT. The written information to be
supplied by the Parent for inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall not
on the date the Proxy Statement/Prospectus is first mailed to the stockholders
of the Company, at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting and at the
Effective Time, (i) contain any untrue statement of a material fact, (ii) omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or (iii) omit to state any material fact
necessary to correct any statement in any earlier written communication
constituting a solicitation of proxies by the Company for the Company
Stockholders Meeting which has in the interim become false or misleading in any
material respect.

SECTION 4. COVENANTS

     4.1 INTERIM OPERATIONS OF THE PARTIES.

          (A) During the period from the date of this Agreement through the
     earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement, each of
     the parties shall ensure that it and each of its Subsidiaries shall:

               (I) use reasonable efforts to conduct its business in
          substantially the same manner in which such business was being
          conducted prior to the date of this Agreement;

               (II) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it
          preserves intact its current business organization, keeps available
          the services of its present officers and other employees and preserves
          its relations and goodwill with suppliers, customers, landlords,
          creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and other entities having
          business relationships with it and with all relevant Governmental
          Entities;

               (III) keep in full force all its insurance policies (except for
          replacement of insurance policies providing substantially similar
          levels of coverage); and


<PAGE>


               (IV) in the case of the Company promptly notify Parent of any
          event that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and in
          the case of Parent, promptly notify the Company of any event that
          would have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

          (B) The Company agrees that, during the period from the date of this
     Agreement through the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of
     this Agreement, except (1) to the extent Parent shall otherwise consent in
     writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or (2) as set forth
     in Part 4.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall not
     and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

               (I) amend its Organizational Documents;

               (II) split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock;

               (III) declare, set aside or pay any dividend (whether payable in
          cash, stock or property) with respect to any capital stock or other
          securities;

               (IV) (A) form any Subsidiary; (B) or acquire any equity interest
          in any other Entity; or (C) effect or become a party to any merger,
          consolidation, plan of arrangement, share exchange, business
          combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of
          shares, stock split, reverse stock split, issuance of bonus shares,
          division or subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares or similar
          transaction;

               (V) issue or authorize the issuance of any additional shares of,
          or securities convertible or exchangeable for, or options, warrants or
          rights to acquire, any shares of its capital stock, other than (A)
          shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Company
          Options or Company Warrants, or upon conversion of the Convertible
          Notes, outstanding on the date of this Agreement or (B) up to 70,000
          shares (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split
          or other similar event affecting the Company Common Stock after the
          date of this Agreement) of Company Common Stock subject to options or
          other equity awards under the Company Equity Plan issued in the
          ordinary course of business to employees (other than directors or
          executive officers of the Company);

               (VI) amend or waive any right under any Company Option, Company
          Warrant or the Convertible Notes;

               (VII) (A) acquire any asset (tangible or intangible) for a
          purchase price exceeding $200,000 or assets (tangible or intangible)
          for an aggregate purchase price exceeding $600,000 (other than the
          acquisition of raw materials or supplies in the ordinary course of
          business consistent with past practice, capital expenditures not
          prohibited by clause "(xvi)" below and non-exclusive licenses of
          Intellectual Property Rights in the ordinary course of business); (B)
          sell or otherwise dispose of any material asset (including, without
          limitation, the membership interest (all or a portion) in HHNEC and
          any other asset valued in excess of $250,000), other than the license
          of Intellectual Property Rights not prohibited by clause "(xii)" below
          and the sale of finished goods inventory in the ordinary course of
          business consistent with past practice, scrapped inventory and the
          disposal of obsolete equipment consistent with past practice; (C)
          enter into a lease or a license of any assets of the Company or any of
          its Subsidiaries involving the payment of $500,000 over the term of
          the lease or license (other than the replacement or renewal of
          existing licenses or leases and the license of Intellectual Property
          Rights not prohibited by clause "(xii)" below or capital leases not
          prohibited by clauses "(ix)" and "(xvi)" below); or (D) knowingly
          waive or relinquish any rights outside of the ordinary course of
          business;


<PAGE>


               (VIII) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares,
          options, warrants, rights to acquire any shares of the Company's
          capital stock (except shares repurchased from employees or former
          employees pursuant to the exercise of repurchase rights) or securities
          convertible into shares of the Company's capital stock (including the
          Convertible Notes);

               (IX) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any
          such indebtedness, except for (A) borrowings (including letters of
          credit) under the Loan and Security Agreement with Wachovia Capital
          Finance Corporation (Western) up to $13,000,000 in the aggregate,
          subject to the Company providing Parent with advance written notice
          of: (1) the first drawdown or letter of credit that brings the
          outstanding balance (including letters of credit) to $10,000,000 or
          more; and (2) each drawdown or letter of credit thereafter, and (B)
          purchase money financings and capital leases entered into in the
          ordinary course of business;

               (X) (A) establish, adopt or amend any employee benefit (including
          health) or pension plans or employment agreements (other than
          amendments required by applicable Legal Requirements), (B) pay any
          bonus or make any profit sharing payment, cash incentive payment or
          similar payment to, or increase the compensation or fringe benefits of
          any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its
          Subsidiaries (except for (1) payments pursuant to existing agreements
          or plans, (2) amendments determined by the Company in good faith to be
          required to comply with applicable Legal Requirements, (3) increases
          required pursuant to the Labor Agreements or any benefit plan of the
          Company and its Subsidiaries in effect on the date hereof, and (4)
          salary increases and bonuses to non-executive employees in the
          ordinary course of business), (C) hire any new officer, (D) terminate
          any existing officers or any other person listed on Part 4.1(b)(x) of
          the Company Disclosure Schedule (other than terminations for cause),
          or (E) grant any severance pay or termination pay to any officers or
          employees, except pursuant to existing agreements or in accordance
          with existing written company policies;

               (XI) (A) enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the
          assets owned or used by it to become by, any contact that, if entered
          into prior to the date of this Agreement, would be a Material Contract
          (except for (1) contracts relating to the acquisition or disposition
          of assets, licenses or leases not otherwise prohibited by this Section
          4.1, (2) settlement agreements not prohibited by clause (xviii), (3)
          amendments to, or consents under, any Material Contracts necessary in
          connection with the Merger, and (4) a new or amended collective
          bargaining agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical
          Workers consistent with those certain letters of understanding, each
          dated as of May 2, 2008, subject to the Company giving Parent and
          Parent's counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on any
          such agreement), or (B) amend, renew or prematurely terminate any
          Material Contracts or knowingly waive, release or assign any material
          rights or claims under any Material Contracts (except in the ordinary
          course of business and except for amendments or consents necessary in
          connection with the Merger);


<PAGE>


               (XII) (A) abandon, disclaim, dedicate to the public, sell, assign
          or grant any security interest (other than Permitted Encumbrances) in,
          to or under any Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or a
          Subsidiary of the Company, including failing to perform or cause to be
          performed all applicable filings, recordings and other acts, or to pay
          or cause to be paid all required fees and taxes, to maintain and
          protect its interest in such Intellectual Property Rights, except as
          set forth in Part 2.6(d)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (B)
          grant to any third party any license with respect to Intellectual
          Property Rights of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, except
          in the ordinary course of business, (C) develop, create or invent any
          Intellectual Property jointly with any third-party except in the
          ordinary course of business or in accordance with the terms of
          existing agreements or arrangements, or (D) fail to notify Parent
          promptly of any material infringement, misappropriation or other
          violation of the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or a
          Subsidiary of the Company of which the Company or its Subsidiary
          obtains Knowledge and to consult with Parent regarding the actions (if
          any) to take to protect such Intellectual Property Rights;

               (XIII) lend money to any Person (except that the Company and its
          Subsidiaries may make advances to employees, officers, directors or
          independent contractors for business expenses and the Company may
          allow employees to acquire shares of Company Common Stock in exchange
          for promissory notes upon exercise of Company Options, in each case in
          the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice);

               (XIV) change any of its methods of tax or financial accounting or
          accounting practices in any material respect other than changes
          required by applicable law or under GAAP;

               (XV) make, change or revoke any material tax election, amend any
          material Tax Return, enter into any closing agreement with respect to
          a material amount of Taxes, settle any material tax claim or
          assessment; surrender any right to claim a refund of a material amount
          of Taxes, obtain any Tax ruling or consent to any waiver or extension
          of the statute of limitations for the assessment of Taxes or take any
          action or fail to take any action that would be reasonably likely to
          cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization within the
          meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

               (XVI) make any capital expenditure that is not contemplated by
          the capital expenditure budget set forth in Part 4.1(b)(xvi) of the
          Company Disclosure Schedule (a "NON-BUDGETED CAPITAL EXPENDITURE"),
          except that the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (A) may make
          any Non-Budgeted Capital Expenditure that does not individually exceed
          $200,000 in amount, and that (B) when added to all other Non-Budgeted
          Capital Expenditures made by the Company and its Subsidiaries since
          the date of this Agreement, would not exceed $750,000 in the
          aggregate;

               (XVII) commence any Legal Proceeding, except with respect to
          routine collection matters in the ordinary course of business and
          consistent with past practices or to enforce its rights under this
          Agreement;

               (XVIII) settle or discharge any Legal Proceeding or other claim
          or dispute or settle any third-party Legal Proceeding with respect to
          the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except where the only
          obligations incurred by the Company are payments below $100,000 in the
          aggregate;


<PAGE>


               (XIX) (A) extend the payment terms of any customer, provide
          credit to any customer (or any price adjustment) or make customer
          concessions, or (B) advance payment terms of any supplier or service
          provider, in each case except in the ordinary course of business and
          consistent with past practice; or

               (XX) enter into an agreement to take any of the actions described
          in this Section 4.1(b).

          (C) Parent agrees that, during the period from the date of this
     Agreement through the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of
     this Agreement, except (1) to the extent the Company shall otherwise
     consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or (2) as
     set forth in Part 4.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, Parent shall
     not and shall not permit Merger Sub or any of its other Subsidiaries to:

               (I) amend its Organizational Documents;

               (II) declare, set aside or pay any dividend (whether payable in
          cash, stock or property) with respect to any capital stock or other
          securities;

               (III) (A) form any Subsidiary; (B) or acquire any equity interest
          in any other Entity; or (C) effect or become a party to any merger,
          consolidation, plan of arrangement, share exchange, business
          combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of
          shares, issuance of bonus shares or similar transaction;

               (IV) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares, options,
          warrants or rights to acquire any shares of capital stock (except
          shares repurchased from employees or former employees pursuant to the
          exercise of repurchase rights);

               (V) change any of its methods of accounting or accounting
          practices in any material respect other than changes required under
          GAAP;

               (VI) take any action or fail to take any action that would be
          reasonably likely to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a
          reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; or

               (VII) enter into an agreement to take any of the actions
          described in this Section 4.1(c).


<PAGE>


     4.2 NO SOLICITATION.

          (A) From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the
     Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its
     terms, the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors and
     officers will not, and the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts
     to ensure that its and its Subsidiaries' non-officer employees, affiliates,
     agents, attorneys, accountants, financial advisors and other advisors and
     representatives do not, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit or initiate, or
     induce, encourage or knowingly facilitate the making, submission or
     announcement of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative
     Acquisition Inquiry; (ii) except as otherwise provided below, furnish any
     information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries to any third party in
     connection with or in response to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or
     Alternative Acquisition Inquiry; (iii) except as otherwise provided below,
     enter into, participate, engage, maintain or continue in any discussions or
     negotiations with any third party concerning any Alternative Acquisition
     Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry; or (iv) except in accordance
     with Section 4.4(c), approve, endorse or recommend any Alternative
     Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry;, enter into any
     letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or
     commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any Alternative
     Acquisition Transaction; provided, however, that, the Company and its
     officers, directors, employees, affiliates, investment bankers, financial
     advisors, attorneys, accounts or other advisors or representatives may, at
     any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the holders of Company
     Common Stock, take any of the actions otherwise prohibited by clause "(ii)"
     or clause "(iii)" of this Section 4.2(a) in connection with or in response
     to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal if the Company's Board of Directors
     determines in good faith that such Alternative Acquisition Proposal (which
     has not been withdrawn) constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead
     to a Superior Proposal, if (in each case) (1) the Company's Board of
     Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with the Company's
     financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that such action is required
     in order for the Board of Directors of the Company to comply with its
     fiduciary duties to the Company's stockholders under applicable law, (2)
     neither the Company nor its representatives shall have breached the
     provisions set forth in this Section 4.2 in connection with such
     Alternative Acquisition Proposal, (3) at least forty-eight (48) hours prior
     to taking any of the actions otherwise prohibited by clause "(ii)" or
     clause "(iii)" of this Section 4.2(a) in connection with or in response to
     any Alternative Acquisition Proposal, the Company gives Parent written
     notice of the identity of the third party making such Alternative
     Acquisition Proposal, the terms thereof and of the Company's intention to
     take such actions, (4) prior to furnishing any confidential information
     regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries to any third party in connection
     with or in response to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal, the Company
     receives from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement
     containing limitations on the use and disclosure of confidential
     information furnished to such third party by the Company that are no less
     favorable to the Company than the provisions of the Confidentiality
     Agreement, and (5) prior to providing any such confidential information to
     such third party, the Company furnishes such confidential information to
     Parent (to the extent such confidential information has not been previously
     furnished by the Company to Parent). Upon the execution and delivery of
     this Agreement, the Company will immediately cease and cause to be
     terminated any and all existing activities, discussions and negotiations
     with any third party relating to any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or
     any Alternative Acquisition Inquiry. The Company agrees not to release (and
     to cause its Subsidiaries not to release) any third party from, and not to
     waive (and to cause its Subsidiaries not to waive) any provision of, any
     confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-solicitation, no hire, "standstill" or
     similar contract to which any of the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party
     and will cause each such agreement to be enforced to the extent requested
     by Parent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
     acknowledges and agrees that any action inconsistent with any of the
     provisions of this Section 4.2(a) by any director or officer of the Company
     or any of Subsidiaries, whether or not such director or officer is
     purporting to act on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to constitute a
     breach of this Section 4.2(a) by the Company.


<PAGE>


          (B) If any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition
     Inquiry is made or submitted by any Person or "group" (as defined in the
     Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) prior to the Closing
     Date, then the Company shall as promptly as practicable after receipt of
     such Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry
     (and in any event within one (1) business day after any of the Company's
     executive officers or directors becomes aware of any such Alternative
     Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry) advise Parent in
     writing of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition
     Inquiry (including the identity of the third party making or submitting
     such Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry,
     and the terms and conditions thereof, together with a copy of any written
     materials provided to the Company by such third party). The Company shall
     keep Parent reasonably informed with respect to: (i) the status of any such
     Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition Inquiry; and
     (ii) the status and terms of any modification or proposed modification
     thereto. Furthermore, the Company shall provide Parent with at least two
     (2) business days' prior written notice (or, if less than two (2) business
     days, such prior notice as is provided to the members of the Company's
     Board of Directors) of any meeting of the Company's Board of Directors at
     which the Board of Directors of the Company is reasonably expected to
     consider any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Acquisition
     Inquiry or to recommend a Superior Proposal to the Company's stockholders,
     and in each case together with such notice a copy of any definitive
     documentation relating to such Superior Proposal.

          (C) Nothing contained in this Section 4.2 or elsewhere in this
     Agreement shall prohibit the Company or its Board of Directors from
     complying with Rule 14d-9, Rule 14e-2 or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A
     under the Exchange Act or from furnishing a copy or excerpts of this
     Agreement (excluding, however, the Company Disclosure Schedule and the
     Parent Disclosure Schedule) to any third party (or the representatives of
     such third party) that makes any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or
     Alternative Acquisition Inquiry.


<PAGE>


     4.3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT; PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

          (A) As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this
     Agreement, Parent and the Company shall prepare the Proxy
     Statement/Prospectus and Parent shall prepare and cause to be filed with
     the SEC the Registration Statement, in which the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
     will be included as a prospectus. Each of Parent and the Company shall use
     commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement and the
     Proxy Statement/Prospectus to comply as to form and substance as to such
     party in all material respects with the rules and regulations promulgated
     by the SEC, the Nasdaq Global Market and the American Stock Exchange,
     respond promptly to any comments of the SEC or its staff and use all
     reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
     under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after it is filed with
     the SEC, and the Company will cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be
     mailed to the holders of Company Common Stock at the earliest practicable
     time after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC.
     Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall promptly furnish to the
     other party such information regarding itself and its business and
     financial statements and affairs as, in the reasonable judgment of the
     providing party or its counsel, may be required or appropriate for
     inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Registration Statement,
     or in any amendments or supplements thereto, and cause its counsel and
     auditors to cooperate with the other's counsel and auditors in the
     preparation of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Registration
     Statement. To the extent required by the applicable requirements of the
     Securities Act and the Exchange Act and, in each case, the rules and
     regulations thereunder, (i) Parent and the Company shall promptly correct
     any information provided by it for use in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or
     Registration Statement if such information shall have become false or
     misleading in any material respect; and (ii) Parent and the Company shall
     take all steps necessary to promptly cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
     or Registration Statement, as the case may be, as supplemented or amended
     to correct such information, to be filed with the SEC and to be
     disseminated to holders of Company Common Stock. Parent shall promptly
     provide the Company and its counsel with a copy or description of any
     comments received by Parent (or its counsel) from the SEC or its staff with
     respect to the Registration Statement, or of any request by the SEC or its
     staff for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or for
     additional information. Parent shall respond promptly to any comments of
     the SEC or its staff with respect to the Registration Statement and give
     the Company and the Company's counsel a reasonable opportunity to review
     and comment on any response to such comments provided to the SEC or its
     staff. The Company shall promptly provide Parent and its counsel with a
     copy or description of any comments received by the Company (or its
     counsel) from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Proxy
     Statement/Prospectus, or of any request by the SEC or its staff for
     amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus or for
     additional information. The Company shall respond promptly to any comments
     of the SEC or its staff with respect to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and
     give Parent and Parent's counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and
     comment on any response to such comments provided to the SEC or its staff.

          (B) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall use reasonable efforts
     to obtain all regulatory approvals needed to ensure that the Parent
     Ordinary Shares to be issued in the Merger will be registered or qualified
     under the securities law of every jurisdiction of the United States in
     which any registered holder of Company Common Stock has an address of
     record on the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to
     notice of and to vote at the Company Stockholders Meeting.

          (C) The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will include the Company Board
     Recommendation, subject to the right of the Board of Directors of the
     Company to withhold, withdraw, modify, amend, change, rescind, condition or
     qualify the Company Board Recommendation in compliance with Section 4.4(c).


<PAGE>


     4.4 MEETING OF THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS.

          (A) The Company shall (subject to applicable Legal Requirements and
     the requirements of its Organizational Documents) take all action necessary
     to convene a meeting of holders of Company Common Stock to vote to adopt
     this Agreement (the "COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS MEETING") and, subject to the
     right of the Board of Directors of the Company to withhold, withdraw,
     modify, amend, change, rescind, condition or qualify the Company Board
     Recommendation in compliance with Section 4.4(c), shall use its
     commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders proxies in
     favor of the adoption of this Agreement. The Company Stockholders Meeting
     shall be held (on a date selected by the Company in consultation with
     Parent) as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Registration
     Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. The Company may
     delay the Company Stockholders Meeting if, as of the time for which the
     Company Stockholders Meeting is originally scheduled, the Company believes
     that there are or will be insufficient stockholders represented (either in
     person or by proxy) to constitute the minimum legal quorum necessary to
     conduct the business at the Company Stockholders Meeting. The Company shall
     use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Company Stockholders
     Meeting is called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that all
     proxies solicited by the Company in connection with the Company
     Stockholders Meeting are solicited, in compliance with the DGCL, the
     Company's Organizational Documents, the rules of the American Stock
     Exchange and all other applicable Legal Requirements. The Company's
     obligation to call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company
     Stockholders Meeting in accordance with this Section 4.4(a) shall not be
     limited or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement
     or submission to the Company of any Alternative Acquisition Proposal or any
     withholding, withdrawal, modification, amendment or change in the Company
     Board Recommendation or any other determination subsequent to the date
     hereof by the Company's Board of Directors that it can no longer make the
     Company Board Recommendation.

          (B) The Board of Directors of the Company shall recommend adoption of
     this Agreement by the holders of Company Common Stock (the "COMPANY BOARD
     RECOMMENDATION"), and unless the Board of Directors of the Company shall
     have withheld, withdrawn, modified, amended, changed, rescinded,
     conditioned or qualified the Company Board Recommendation in compliance
     with Section 4.4(c), the Company shall include in the Proxy
     Statement/Prospectus a statement to the effect that the Board of Directors
     of the Company recommends that the holders of Company Common Stock vote to
     adopt this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall take all lawful action to
     solicit from the holders of Company Common Stock proxies in favor of the
     adoption of this Agreement and to secure the vote or consent of its
     stockholders required by the rules of the American Stock Exchange and the
     DGCL. Neither the Company's Board of Directors nor any committee thereof
     shall withhold, withdraw, modify, amend, change, rescind, condition or
     qualify or publicly propose to withhold, withdraw, modify, amend, change,
     rescind, condition or qualify, in a matter adverse to Parent or Merger Sub,
     the Company Board Recommendation, except in compliance with Section 4.4(c).
     At the Company Stockholders Meeting, Parent shall ensure that all shares of
     Company Common Stock owned beneficially or of record by Parent, Merger Sub
     or any of Parent's other Affiliates will be voted in favor of the adoption
     of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


          (C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
     Agreement, at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the
     stockholders of the Company, the Company's Board of Directors may withhold,
     withdraw, modify, amend, change, rescind, condition or qualify the Company
     Board Recommendation if: (i) neither the Company nor its representatives
     shall have breached the provisions set forth in Section 4.2 in connection
     with the proposed withholding, withdrawal, modification, amendment,
     changing, rescission, conditioning or qualification of the Company Board
     Recommendation; (ii) the Company shall have provided to Parent at least two
     (2) business days' prior written notice (or, if less than two (2) business
     days, such prior notice as is provided to the members of the Company's
     Board of Directors) of any meeting of the Company's Board of Directors at
     which such Board of Directors is reasonably expected to consider the
     possibility of withholding or withdrawing the Company Board Recommendation
     or modifying, amending, changing, rescinding, conditioning or qualifying
     the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent, together
     with reasonably detailed information regarding the circumstances giving
     rise to the consideration of such possibility and the opportunity to
     discuss such circumstances with Parent and its legal counsel and financial
     advisor; and (iii) the Company's Board of Directors determines in good
     faith that (after consultation with the Company's outside legal counsel and
     its financial advisor) that, other than solely by reason of a decline in
     Parent's stock price, in and of itself, withholding, withdrawing,
     modifying, amending, changing, rescinding, conditioning or qualifying the
     Company Board Recommendation is required in order for the Board of
     Directors of the Company to comply with its fiduciary duties to the
     Company's stockholders under applicable law. The Company shall notify
     Parent promptly (and in any event within two hours) of: (A) any
     withholding, withdrawal, modification, amendment, changing, rescinding,
     conditioning or qualifying of the Company Board Recommendation; and (B) the
     circumstances and details surrounding such withholding, withdrawal,
     modification, amendment, change, rescission, conditioning or qualification.
     Nothing contained in this Section 4.4 shall limit the Company's obligation
     to hold and convene the Company Stockholders Meeting (regardless of whether
     the Company Board Recommendation shall have been withheld, withdrawn,
     modified, amended, changed, rescinded, conditioned or qualified).

     4.5 FILINGS; OTHER ACTION.

          (A) Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall: (i) promptly
     make and effect all registrations, filings and submissions required to be
     made or effected by it pursuant to the Exchange Act and other applicable
     Legal Requirements with respect to the Merger; and (ii) use commercially
     reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken, on a timely basis, all
     other actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate
     with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable
     for the purpose of consummating and effectuating, in an expeditious manner,
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub (A)
     shall promptly provide all information requested by any Governmental Entity
     in connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement, and (B) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
     promptly take, and cause its Affiliates to take, all actions and steps
     necessary to obtain any clearance or approval required to be obtained from
     the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, any
     state attorney general, any foreign competition authority or any other
     Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in
     this Agreement shall be deemed to require Parent or any Subsidiary or
     affiliate of Parent (x) to agree to any divestiture by itself or the
     Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of
     capital stock or of any material portion of its or the Company's business,
     assets or property, or the imposition of any material limitation on the
     ability of any of them to conduct their business or to own or exercise
     control of such assets, properties and stock, or (y) to take any similar or
     other material action under this Section 4.5 requested by any Governmental
     Entity that has the authority to enforce any antitrust or competition law
     and that seeks, or authorizes its staff to seek, a preliminary injunction
     or restraining order to enjoin the consummation of the Merger.


<PAGE>


          (B) Without limiting the generality of anything contained in Section
     4.5(a) or Section 4.5(c), each party hereto shall (i) give the other
     parties prompt notice of the making or commencement of any request,
     inquiry, investigation, action or Legal Proceeding by or before any
     Governmental Entity with respect to the Merger or any of the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) keep the other parties
     informed as to the status of any such request, inquiry, investigation,
     action or Legal Proceeding, and (iii) promptly inform the other parties of
     any communication to or from the Federal Trade Commission, the Department
     of Justice or any other Governmental Entity regarding the Merger. Each
     party hereto will consult and cooperate with the other parties and will
     consider in good faith the views of the other parties in connection with
     any analysis, appearance, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument,
     opinion or proposal made or submitted in connection with any such request,
     inquiry, investigation, action or Legal Proceeding. In addition, except as
     may be prohibited by any Governmental Entity or by any Legal Requirement,
     in connection with any such request, inquiry, investigation, action or
     Legal Proceeding, each party hereto will permit authorized representatives
     of the other parties to be present at each meeting or conference relating
     to such request, inquiry, investigation, action or Legal Proceeding and to
     have access to and be consulted in connection with any document, opinion or
     proposal made or submitted to any Governmental Entity in connection with
     such request, inquiry, investigation, action or Legal Proceeding.

          (C) Without limiting the generality of anything contained in Section
     4.5(a) or Section 4.5(b), the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall use
     commercially reasonable efforts to cause all conditions to the Merger to be
     satisfied on a timely basis (to the extent the satisfaction of such
     conditions is within such party's direct or indirect control).

          (D) The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent upon becoming aware
     that any representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement
     (other than any such representation or warranty speaks as of the date of
     this Agreement or any other specific date prior to the date of this
     Agreement) has become untrue or inaccurate, or of any failure of the
     Company to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant or
     agreement required to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
     Agreement prior to the Closing, in each case, where such untruth,
     inaccuracy or failure would result in the conditions set forth in Section
     5.2(a) or Section 5.2(b) not being satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no
     such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants
     or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the
     parties under this Agreement.

          (E) Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company upon becoming aware
     that any representation or warranty made by it or Merger Sub contained in
     this Agreement (other than any such representation or warranty speaks as of
     the date of this Agreement or any other specific date prior to the date of
     this Agreement) has become untrue or inaccurate, or of any failure of
     Parent or Merger Sub to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any
     covenant or agreement required to be complied with or satisfied by it under
     this Agreement prior to the Closing, in each case, where such untruth,
     inaccuracy or failure would result in the conditions set forth in Section
     5.3(a) or Section 5.3(b) not being satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no
     such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants
     or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the
     parties under this Agreement.


<PAGE>


          (F) As soon as practicable following the date hereof, Parent and the
     Company will each use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any
     consents, waivers and approvals under any of its or its Subsidiaries'
     respective agreements, contracts, licenses or leases required to be
     obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated hereby.

          (G) Subject to any restrictions that may be imposed by United States
     Governmental Entities, the Company will coordinate with Parent in
     connection with all notifications and discussions with the Department of
     Defense concerning its Trusted Foundry Status or security clearance,
     including: notifying Parent prior to any such actions, giving Parent the
     opportunity to review written communications with the Department of
     Defense, and providing Parent with the opportunity to participate in
     discussions with the Department of Defense.

     4.6 ACCESS. Upon reasonable notice, the Company shall afford Parent's
officers and other authorized employees and representatives (including
accountants and counsel) reasonable access, during normal business hours, upon
reasonable notice, throughout the period prior to the earlier of the Effective
Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, to the
Company's properties, books, records and personnel and, during such period, the
Company shall furnish promptly to Parent all readily available information
concerning its business (including the status of product development efforts,
properties, results of operations and personnel) as Parent may reasonably
request; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company shall not be required to permit any
inspection or other access, or to disclose any information, where such
inspection, access or disclosure would jeopardize protections afforded the
Company under the attorney-client privilege or the attorney work product
doctrine or violate any Legal Requirement or contractual obligation applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which its or any of their
respective properties is bound or affected in any manner that would reasonably
be expected to cause the Company to lose any material benefit or incur any
material liability. Subject to the restrictions set forth in the proviso to the
preceding sentence, the parties hereto will use commercially reasonable efforts
to make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in
which such restrictions apply. No information or knowledge obtained by Parent in
any investigation pursuant to this Section 4.6 will affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger. All information obtained by
Parent and its representatives pursuant to this Section 4.6 shall be treated as
"Confidential Information" for purposes of the Confidentiality Agreement.

     4.7 INTERIM OPERATIONS OF MERGER SUB. During the period from the date of
this Agreement through the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of
this Agreement, Merger Sub shall not engage in any activities of any nature
except as provided in or contemplated by this Agreement.

     4.8 PUBLICITY. The initial press release relating to this Agreement shall
be a joint press release issued by the Company and Parent, and thereafter the
Company and Parent (and each of their respective executive officers and
directors, whether or not purporting to act on behalf of the Company or Parent,
as applicable) shall consult with each other and, to the extent practicable,
agree, prior to issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements or any
listing agreement with the Nasdaq or the American Stock Exchange, and prior to
making any filings with any Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company need not
consult with Parent in connection with any press release or public statement if,
prior to the date of such release or public statement, the Company shall have
withheld, withdrawn, modified, amended or changed the Company Board
Recommendation in compliance with Section 4.4(c). The Company shall consult with
Parent before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement
with respect to the Company's earnings or results of operations, and shall not
issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation.


<PAGE>


     4.9 COMPANY OPTIONS; COMPANY WARRANTS; EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

          (A) COMPANY OPTIONS. At the Effective Time, each outstanding Company
     Option, whether or not vested, shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company
     Option so assumed by Parent under this Agreement will continue to have, and
     be subject to, the same terms and conditions of such Company Option
     immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any repurchase rights or
     vesting provisions and provisions regarding the acceleration of vesting on
     certain transactions, other than the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement), except that (i) each Company Option will be exercisable (or
     will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number of
     Parent Ordinary Shares equal to the product of the number of shares of
     Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Company
     Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange
     Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of Parent Ordinary Shares
     and (ii) the per share exercise price for the Parent Ordinary Shares
     issuable upon exercise of such assumed Company Option will be equal to the
     quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per share of Company
     Common Stock at which such Company Option was exercisable immediately prior
     to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest
     whole cent. Parent shall comply with the terms of all such Company Options
     and use its best efforts to ensure, to the extent required by and subject
     to the provisions of, the Company Equity Plan, and to the extent permitted
     under the Code, that any Company Options that qualified for tax treatment
     as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code prior to the
     Effective Time continue to so qualify after the Effective Time. The Company
     will take all necessary or appropriate actions to effectuate the treatment
     of Company Options contemplated by this Section 4.9(a) and Parent shall
     take all corporate actions necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient
     number of Parent Ordinary Shares for delivery upon exercise of assumed
     Company Options on the terms set forth in this Section 4.9(a). Parent shall
     file a Form S-8 registration statement with the SEC covering the Parent
     Ordinary Shares issuable with respect to assumed Company Options within 10
     business days after the Effective Time. Parent shall use commercially
     reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
     statement or registration statements for so long as such assumed Company
     Options remain outstanding.

          (B) COMPANY WARRANTS. At the Effective Time, each outstanding Company
     Warrant shall be assumed by Parent. Each Company Warrant so assumed by
     Parent under this Agreement will continue to have, and be subject to, the
     same terms and conditions of such Company Warrant immediately prior to the
     Effective Time, except that (i) each Company Warrant will be exercisable
     (or will become exercisable in accordance with its terms) for that number
     of Parent Ordinary Shares equal to the product of the number of shares of
     Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Company
     Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange
     Ratio, and (ii) the per share exercise price for the Parent Ordinary Shares
     issuable upon exercise of such assumed Company Warrant will be equal to the
     quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per share of Company
     Common Stock at which such Company Warrant was exercisable immediately
     prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange Ratio. Parent shall comply with
     the terms of all such Company Warrants. Parent shall take all corporate
     actions necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of Parent
     Ordinary Shares for delivery upon exercise of assumed Company Warrants on
     the terms set forth in this Section 4.9(b).


<PAGE>


          (C) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

               (I) Parent agrees that, subject to any necessary transition
          period and subject to any applicable plan provision, contractual
          requirements or Legal Requirements, all employees of the Company and
          its Subsidiaries who continue employment with Parent, the Surviving
          Corporation or any Subsidiary of Parent after the Effective Time
          ("CONTINUING EMPLOYEES") shall, following the Effective Time, be
          eligible to participate in Parent's applicable employee benefit plans
          (including equity plans, profit sharing plans, severance plans and
          health and welfare benefit plans) to substantially the same extent as
          similarly situated employees of Parent (based, among other things, on
          location, responsibility, rank, seniority and job description). From
          and after the Effective Time and continuing until not earlier than
          December 31, 2008, Parent shall ensure that the Surviving Corporation
          continues to provide Continuing Employees with the same benefits that
          are provided by the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective
          Time.

               (II) For the sole purpose of determining a Continuing Employee's
          eligibility to participate in such plans (but not for purposes of
          benefit accrual), such Continuing Employee shall receive credit under
          such plans for his or her years of continuous service with the Company
          or its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time, provided that such
          crediting of service shall not result in the duplication of benefits.
          With respect to any welfare benefit plans maintained by Parent or its
          Subsidiaries for the benefit of Continuing Employees located in the
          United States, Parent shall, subject to any necessary transition
          period and subject to any Legal Requirements: (A) cause to be waived,
          as required by applicable Legal Requirements, any eligibility
          requirements or pre-existing condition limitations; and (B) give
          effect, in determining any deductible maximum out of pocket
          limitations, to amounts paid by such Continuing Employees with respect
          to substantially similar plans maintained by any of the Company or its
          Subsidiaries during the plan year in which the Effective Time occurs.

               (III) The Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall not take
          any action that would cause the Surviving Corporation not to, honor in
          accordance with their terms all deferred compensation plans,
          agreements and arrangements, severance and separation pay plans,
          agreements and arrangements, and all written employment, severance,
          retention, incentive, change in control and termination agreements
          (including any change in control provisions therein) applicable to
          employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Part 4.9(c)(iii) of the
          Company Disclosure Schedule accurately lists all such plans,
          agreements and arrangements.


<PAGE>


               (IV) Nothing in this Section 4.9 or elsewhere in this Agreement
          shall be construed to create a right of any employee of the Company or
          a Subsidiary of the Company to employment with Parent, the Surviving
          Corporation or any other Subsidiary of Parent. Except for Indemnified
          Parties (as defined in Section 4.10(d)) to the extent of their
          respective rights pursuant to Section 4.10, no employee of the Company
          or a Subsidiary of the Company, no Continuing Employee and no other
          Person, shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this
          Agreement. Nothing in this Section 4.9 or elsewhere in this Agreement
          shall be construed to amend any benefit plan.

               (V) To the extent any employee notification or consultation
          requirements are imposed by applicable Legal Requirements with respect
          to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall
          cooperate with Parent to comply with such requirements prior to the
          Effective Time.

     4.10 INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' INSURANCE.

          (A) All rights to indemnification by the Company or any Subsidiaries
     of the Company and exculpation existing in favor of Indemnified Parties for
     their acts and omissions as directors and/or officers of the Company or any
     Subsidiary of the Company occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
     pursuant to those indemnification agreements listed on Part 4.10 of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule and the Organizational Documents of the Company
     or any Subsidiary of the Company (as applicable) as in effect on the date
     of this Agreement (the "INDEMNIFICATION DOCUMENTS"), shall survive the
     Merger and be observed by the Surviving Corporation to the fullest extent
     available under the Indemnification Documents and applicable law for a
     period of six years from the Effective Time, and Parent shall, and shall
     cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to (i) fulfill and
     honor in all respects the provisions of this Section 4.10(a) and (ii) not
     amend, repeal or otherwise modify (or permit the Surviving Corporation to
     amend, repeal or otherwise modify) the Organizational Documents of the
     Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries in any manner that could
     adversely affect the rights thereunder of any Indemnified Party.

          (B) From the Effective Time through the sixth anniversary of the
     Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to,
     cause to be maintained in effect, for the benefit of the Indemnified
     Parties, the current level and scope of directors' and officers' liability
     insurance coverage as set forth in the Company's current directors' and
     officers' liability insurance policies in effect as of the date of this
     Agreement as disclosed on Part 4.10(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;
     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (i) in no event shall Parent or the Surviving
     Corporation be required pursuant to this Section 4.10(b) to expend in any
     one year an amount in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently
     payable by the Company with respect to such insurance coverage (which
     current annual premium the Company represents and warrants to be $400,098
     in the aggregate), it being understood that if the annual premiums payable
     for such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the Surviving Corporation
     shall be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available
     for a cost equal to such amount, and (ii) in lieu of the foregoing, and
     notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in clause "(i)" above,
     the Company may obtain a prepaid tail policy (the "TAIL POLICY") prior to
     the Effective Time for an aggregate price not to exceed six times the
     premium currently payable by the Company, which policy provides Indemnified
     Persons with directors' and officers' liability insurance for a period
     ending no earlier than the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time.


<PAGE>


          (C) This Section 4.10 shall survive consummation of the Merger and the
     Effective Time. This Section 4.10 is intended to benefit, and may be
     enforced by, the Indemnified Parties and their respective heirs,
     representatives, successors and assigns, and shall be binding on all
     successors and assigns of Parent and the Surviving Corporation. In the
     event of any merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving
     Parent or the Surviving Corporation, or in the event of any sale by Parent
     or the Surviving Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets,
     Parent shall make proper provision so that the continuing or surviving
     corporation or entity shall assume the obligations set forth in this
     Section 4.10.

          (D) For purposes of this Agreement, each individual who is or was an
     officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any time
     between February 16, 2007 and the Effective Time shall be deemed to be an
     "INDEMNIFIED PARTY."

     4.11 TAX OPINIONS. The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall cooperate and
use commercially reasonable efforts in order for Company to obtain the opinion
of Cooley Godward Kronish LLP described in Section 5.2(e)(i) and in order for
Parent to obtain the opinion of O'Melveny & Myers LLP described in Section
5.3(e)(i). In connection therewith, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall, as
of the Effective Time, execute and deliver to Cooley Godward Kronish LLP and to
O'Melveny & Myers LLP tax representation letters substantially in the forms
attached as Exhibit C (for the Company) and Exhibit D (for Parent and Merger
Sub). The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)
of the Code and a transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of the
Code and shall not take any actions that to their knowledge could reasonably be
expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under Section
368(a) of the Code and a transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of
the Code. The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall report the Merger as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and a
transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of the Code, unless
otherwise required pursuant to a "determination" within the meaning of Section
1313(a) of the Code.

     4.12 LISTING. Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Parent Ordinary Shares being issued in the Merger to be approved for listing
(subject to notice of issuance) on the Nasdaq Global Market, including by giving
notice to the Nasdaq Global Market on a Notification Form: Listing of Additional
Shares.

     4.13 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the
Company shall execute a supplemental indenture (the "SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE")
pursuant to Section 10.12 of the Indenture, in form satisfactory to the Trustee
providing that each holder of Convertible Notes then outstanding shall have the
right from and after the Effective Time, during the period that such Convertible
Notes are convertible under the Supplemental Indenture, to convert such
Convertible Notes into the number of Parent Ordinary Shares receivable by a
holder, immediately prior to the Effective Time, of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock into which such Convertible Notes was convertible
immediately prior to the Effective Time.


<PAGE>


     4.14 TAX MATTERS.

          (A) Following the Merger, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation
     to timely comply with the reporting requirements of Treas. Reg. Sections
     1.367-3(c)(6) and 1.368-3, to the extent required by applicable law, with
     respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.

          (B) Following the Merger, Parent shall timely provide notice to each
     former holder of Company Common Stock that notifies Parent that such holder
     has entered into a gain recognition agreement with the Internal Revenue
     Service (pursuant to Treas. Reg. Section 1.367-8T) in connection with the
     Merger, of either (i) a disposition by Parent or its Affiliates of all or a
     portion of the Company Common Stock received by Parent in the Merger, or
     (ii) a disposition of 90 percent of the gross assets or 70 percent of the
     net assets of the Company (or those assets essential to the conduct of the
     Company's business). In addition, upon written request from such holder
     after receipt of notification from Parent, Parent shall use commercially
     reasonable efforts to provide such information requested by the former
     holder to determine if such holder must recognize gain due to any
     disposition described in this Section 4.14(b). Parent shall have no
     obligation to provide any notice or other information to the holder
     pursuant to this Section 4.14(b) after October 15, 2014 or, if earlier,
     October 15th of the year following the year in which the holder's gain
     recognition agreement terminates.

SECTION 5. CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     5.1 CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE MERGER. The
respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the Merger shall be
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Parent and the Company, if permissible
under applicable Legal Requirements) on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

          (A) STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. This Agreement shall have been adopted by
     the requisite vote of holders of the Company Common Stock in accordance
     with applicable Legal Requirements and the Company's Organizational
     Documents;

          (B) EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration
     Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions of
     the Securities Act, and no stop order shall have been issued and still be
     pending, and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or be
     threatened and be pending, by the SEC with respect to the Registration
     Statement or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus;

          (C) OTHER GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS. if during the period of 60 days
     after the date of this Agreement, both of the following occur: (x) either
     the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (including any of
     its respective members individually) ("CFIUS") or the President of the
     United States takes any action, including communicating concerns to the
     parties hereto about the Merger or initiating a review under Section 721 of
     the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 USC App. 2170)("SECTION 721"), and
     (y) in response to any such action, Parent makes an appropriate filing
     providing notice of the transactions that are the subject of this Agreement
     to CFIUS pursuant to Section 721 (and, in the event Parent elects to make
     any such filing, the Company and Parent will use commercially reasonable
     efforts to prepare such filing, including providing the other party with
     all information reasonably requested by the other party in connection
     therewith), then either (A) the period of time for any applicable review
     process by CFIUS pursuant to Section 721, shall have expired, and the
     President of the United States shall not have taken action to block or
     prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby on the
     basis that they threaten to impair the national security of the United
     States or (B) the Department of Treasury shall have provided notice to the
     parties to the effect that action under Section 721 is concluded; and


<PAGE>


          (D) NO INJUNCTIONS; LAWS. No injunction shall have been issued by a
     court of competent jurisdiction and shall be continuing that prohibits the
     consummation of the Merger, and no law shall have been enacted since the
     date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect that prohibits the
     consummation of the Merger; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (i) prior to invoking
     this provision, each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
     have any such injunction lifted, and (ii) a party may not invoke this
     provision unless the violation of such injunction or law that would arise
     from the consummation of the Merger would have material negative
     consequences for Parent or the Company or any of their respective
     directors, officers or employees (it being clarified that for the purposes
     of this Section 5.1(d) that: (x) an injunction issued by a court in Israel
     or the United States that prohibits the consummation of the Merger; or (y)
     a law enacted in Israel or the United States that prohibits the
     consummation of the Merger, shall be deemed to have material negative
     consequences for Parent or the Company).

     5.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB. The obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver by Parent, if permissible under applicable Legal
Requirements) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

          (A) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties
     of the Company contained in Section 2 of this Agreement shall be accurate
     in all respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if
     made on the Closing Date, other than the representations and warranties in
     Sections 2.3(a), 2.3(e), 2.20(b) and 2.24 (the "COMPANY EXCLUDED
     REPRESENTATIONS"), which shall be accurate in all material respects as of
     the Closing Date (except, in each case, to the extent any such
     representation or warranty speaks as of the date of this Agreement or any
     other specific date, in which case such representation or warranty (i) if
     other than a Company Excluded Representation, shall have been accurate in
     all respects as of such date, or (ii) if a Company Excluded Representation,
     shall have been accurate in all material respects as of such date), except
     that any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties (other than
     the Company Excluded Representations) will be disregarded for purposes of
     this Section 5.2(a) if such inaccuracies (considered collectively) do not
     have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company as of the Closing Date (it
     being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
     representations and warranties, (i) all "Material Adverse Effect"
     qualifications and other qualifications based on the phrase "in all
     material respects" or similar qualifications contained in such
     representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (ii) any update of
     or modification to the Company Disclosure Schedule made or purported to
     have been made after the execution of this Agreement shall be disregarded);

          (B) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The Company shall have
     performed or complied with in all material respects all covenants and
     agreements required to be performed or complied with by it under this
     Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date;


<PAGE>


          (C) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE COMPANY. Since the date of this
     Agreement, no event shall have occurred or circumstance shall exist that,
     alone or in combination with any other events or circumstances since the
     date of this Agreement, has had or resulted in and continues to have or
     result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or would reasonably be
     expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company
     following the Closing Date;

          (D) NO LEGAL PROCEEDING. There shall not be pending before any court
     of competent jurisdiction any Legal Proceeding commenced by a Governmental
     Entity against the Company or Parent that seeks to prohibit the
     consummation of the Merger and that (i) is likely to result in a judgment
     adverse to Parent or the Company and (ii) would have a Material Adverse
     Effect on the Company or a Material Adverse Effect on Parent; and

          (E) DOCUMENTS. Parent shall have received the following agreements and
     documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

               (I) a written tax opinion of Cooley Godward Kronish LLP, in form
          and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, dated as of the
          Closing Date and addressed to Parent, to the effect that the Merger
          will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
          of the Code and a transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1)
          of the Code (it being understood that if Cooley Godward Kronish LLP
          does not render such opinion or withdraws or modifies such opinion,
          this condition shall nonetheless be satisfied if O'Melveny & Myers LLP
          renders such opinion);

               (II) a certificate executed on behalf of the Company by an
          executive officer confirming that the conditions set forth in Sections
          5.2(a), 5.2(b) and 5.2(c) have been duly satisfied; and

               (III) (A) the Supplemental Indenture, executed and delivered on
          behalf of the Company and the Trustee and (B) the officer's
          certificate and opinion(s) of counsel delivered by the Company to the
          Trustee in accordance with Sections 6.1(c) and 7.3 of the Indenture in
          connection therewith.

     5.3 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY. The obligation of the Company
to effect the Merger is further subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the
Company, if permissible under applicable Legal Requirements) on or prior to the
Closing Date of the following conditions:

          (A) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties
     of Parent and Merger Sub contained in Section 3 of this Agreement shall be
     accurate in all respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and
     effect as if made on the Closing Date, other than the representations and
     warranties in Sections 3.3(a) and 3.3(d) (the "PARENT EXCLUDED
     REPRESENTATIONS"), which shall be accurate in all material respects as of
     the Closing Date (except, in each case, to the extent any such
     representation or warranty speaks as of the date of this Agreement or any
     other specific date, in which case such representation or warranty (i) if
     other than a Parent Excluded Representation, shall have been accurate in
     all respects as of such date, or (ii) if a Parent Excluded Representation,
     shall have been accurate in all material respects as of such date), except
     that any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties (other than
     the Parent Excluded Representations) will be disregarded for purposes of
     this Section 5.3(a) if such inaccuracies (considered collectively) do not
     have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent as of the Closing Date (it being
     understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
     representations and warranties, (i) all "Material Adverse Effect"
     qualifications and other qualifications based on the phrase "in all
     material respects" or similar qualifications contained in such
     representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (ii) any update of
     or modification to the Parent Disclosure Schedule made or purported to have
     been made after the execution of this Agreement shall be disregarded);


<PAGE>


          (B) PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB. Parent and
     Merger Sub shall have performed or complied with in all material respects
     all covenants and agreements required to be performed or complied with by
     them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date;

          (C) NO MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON PARENT. Since the date of this
     Agreement, no event shall have occurred or circumstance shall exist that,
     alone or in combination with any other events or circumstances since the
     date of this Agreement, has had or resulted in and continues to have or
     result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, or would reasonably be
     expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent following
     the Closing Date;

          (D) NO LEGAL PROCEEDING. There shall not be pending before any court
     of competent jurisdiction any Legal Proceeding commenced by a Governmental
     Entity against the Company or Parent that seeks to prohibit the
     consummation of the Merger and that (i) is likely to result in a judgment
     adverse to Parent or the Company and (ii) would have a Material Adverse
     Effect on Parent; and

          (E) DOCUMENTS. The Company shall have received the following
     agreements and documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

               (I) a written tax opinion of O'Melveny & Myers LLP, in form and
          substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, dated as of the Closing
          Date and addressed to Parent, to the effect that the Merger will
          qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
          the Code and a transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of
          the Code (it being understood that if O'Melveny & Myers LLP does not
          render such opinion or withdraws or modifies such opinion, this
          condition shall nonetheless be satisfied if Cooley Godward Kronish LLP
          renders such opinion);

               (II) a certificate executed on behalf of Parent by an executive
          officer confirming that the conditions set forth in Sections 5.3(a),
          5.3(b) and 5.3(c) have been duly satisfied; and

               (III) the Supplemental Indenture, executed and delivered on
          behalf of Parent.

          (F) LISTING. Parent shall have delivered timely notice to the Nasdaq
     Global Market on a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares with
     respect to the Parent Ordinary Shares being issued in the Merger.


<PAGE>


     5.4 FRUSTRATION OF CLOSING CONDITIONS. None of the Company, Parent or
Merger Sub may rely on the failure of any condition set forth in Section 5.1,
Section 5.2 or Section 5.3, as the case may be, to be satisfied if such failure
was caused by the failure of such party (or any Affiliate of such party) to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 6. TERMINATION

     6.1 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be
abandoned (notwithstanding any adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of
the Company):

          (A) by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent at any time
     prior to the Effective Time;

          (B) by Parent or the Company at any time after 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time
     on October 20, 2008 (the "FINAL TIME") if the Merger shall not have been
     consummated at or before the Final Time (provided that the right to
     terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) shall not be
     available to any party where the failure of the Merger to have been
     consummated at or before the Final Time was caused by the failure of such
     party (or any Affiliate of such party) to fulfill any obligation under this
     Agreement;

          (C) by Parent or the Company at any time prior to the Effective Time
     if (i) there shall be any Legal Requirement enacted after the date of this
     Agreement and remaining in effect that prohibits the consummation of the
     Merger, or any court of competent jurisdiction shall have issued a
     permanent injunction prohibiting the consummation of the Merger and such
     injunction shall have become final and non-appealable, and (ii) the
     violation of such Legal Requirement or injunction that would arise from the
     consummation of the Merger would have material negative consequences for
     Parent or the Company or any of their respective directors, officers or
     employees (it being clarified that for the purposes of this Section 6.1(c)
     that: (x) an injunction issued by a court in Israel or the United States
     that prohibits the consummation of the Merger; or (y) a Legal Requirement
     enacted in Israel or the United States that prohibits the consummation of
     the Merger, shall be deemed to have material negative consequences for
     Parent or the Company); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that a party shall not be
     permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.1(c) if
     the issuance of any such injunction is attributable to the failure of such
     party (or any Affiliate of such party) to perform in any material respect
     any covenant or other agreement in this Agreement required to be performed
     by such party (or any Affiliate of such party) at or prior to the Effective
     Time;

          (D) by either the Company or Parent if the approval of the holders of
     Company Common Stock shall not have been obtained at the Company
     Stockholders Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;
     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that a party shall not be permitted to terminate this
     Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.1(d) if the failure to obtain such
     approval was caused by the failure of such party (or any Affiliate of such
     party) to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement;

          (E) by Parent at any time prior to adoption of this Agreement by the
     holders of Company Common Stock at the Company Stockholders Meeting if a
     Triggering Event shall have occurred;


<PAGE>


          (F) by Parent if (i) there is an Uncured Inaccuracy in any
     representation or warranty of the Company contained in Section 2 such that
     the condition set forth in Section 5.2(a) would not be satisfied, or any
     covenant of the Company contained in this Agreement shall have been
     breached such that the condition set forth in Section 5.2(b) would not be
     satisfied, (ii) Parent shall have delivered to the Company written notice
     of such Uncured Inaccuracy or breach, and (iii) to the extent the Uncured
     Inaccuracy is curable by the Company, at least 30 days shall have elapsed
     since the date of delivery of such written notice to the Company and such
     Uncured Inaccuracy or breach shall not have been cured in all material
     respects; or

          (G) by the Company if (i) there is an Uncured Inaccuracy in any
     representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub contained in Section 3
     such that the condition set forth in Section 5.3(a) would not be satisfied,
     or any covenant of Parent or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall
     have been breached such that the condition set forth in Section 5.3(b)
     would not be satisfied, (ii) the Company shall have delivered to Parent
     written notice of such Uncured Inaccuracy or breach, and (iii) to the
     extent the Uncured Inaccuracy is curable by Parent or Merger Sub (as
     applicable), at least 30 days shall have elapsed since the date of delivery
     of such written notice to Parent and such Uncured Inaccuracy or breach
     shall not have been cured in all material respects;

PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Section 6.1: (1) Parent shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to Section 6.1(f) if (A) there shall be an Uncured Inaccuracy in any
representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub contained in Section 3 such
that the condition set forth in Section 5.3(a) would not be satisfied, or (B)
any covenant or other agreement of Parent or Merger Sub contained in this
Agreement shall not have been performed or complied with such that the condition
set forth in Section 5.3(b) would not be satisfied; and (2) the Company shall
not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1(g) if (x)
there shall be an Uncured Inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of the
Company contained in Section 2 such that the condition set forth in Section
5.2(a) would not be satisfied, or (y) any covenant or other agreement of the
Company contained in this Agreement shall not have been performed or complied
with such that the condition set forth in Section 5.2(b) would not be satisfied.

     6.2 NOTICE OF TERMINATION; EFFECT OF TERMINATION. Any termination of this
Agreement under Section 6.1 will be effective immediately upon the delivery of
written notice thereof by the terminating party to the other parties hereto (or,
in the case of termination pursuant to Section 6.1(f) or Section 6.1(g), on the
date specified therein). In the event of the termination of this Agreement as
provided in Section 6.1, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that: (a) this Section 6.2, Section 6.3 and Section 7 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and
effect; (b) the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party from
any liability for any breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement; and (c) the Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect in accordance with its terms.


<PAGE>


     6.3 FEES AND EXPENSES; TERMINATION FEE.

          (A) GENERAL. Except as set forth in this Section 6.3, all fees and
     expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such fees and
     expenses whether or not the Merger is consummated.

          (B) COMPANY PAYMENTS.

               (I) If (A) (i) this Agreement is validly terminated by Parent or
          the Company pursuant to Section 6.1(b) or Section 6.1(d), (ii) at or
          prior to the time of such termination of this Agreement an Alternative
          Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly disclosed (and such
          Alternative Acquisition Proposal shall not have been unconditionally
          and publicly withdrawn prior to the date of the Company Stockholders
          Meeting), (iii) in the case of a termination of this Agreement by
          Parent pursuant to Section 6.1(b), Parent demonstrates that it would
          reasonably have been expected that the Merger would have been
          consummated prior to the termination of this Agreement but for the
          making or pendency of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal (it being
          clarified that this Section 6.3(b)(A)(iii) shall not apply to
          termination of this Agreement by the Company), and (iv) within twelve
          months after the date of termination of this Agreement, a Company
          Acquisition (as defined below) is consummated or the Company enters
          into a definitive agreement or binding letter of intent providing for
          a Company Acquisition (which is subsequently consummated), or (B) this
          Agreement is validly terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 6.1(e),
          then (x) if termination of this Agreement is pursuant to Section
          6.1(b) or Section 6.1(d), within one (1) business day after
          consummation of the Company Acquisition described above, or (y) if
          termination of this Agreement is pursuant to Section 6.1(e), within
          one (1) business day after the termination of this Agreement, the
          Company shall cause to be paid to Parent, in cash in immediately
          available funds, a non-refundable termination fee in the amount of
          $1.2 million. In addition, in any of the foregoing circumstances where
          the Company is obligated to pay a termination fee, the Company shall
          also reimburse Parent for Parent's reasonable and documented
          out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and
          the transactions contemplated thereby, not to exceed $1 million, less
          any amounts previously paid by the Company on account of such expenses
          as provided in the last sentence of this paragraph (the "PARENT
          EXPENSES"), within five (5) business days after the Company's receipt
          of reasonable documentation of such expenses. In the event that (1)
          this Agreement is validly terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant
          to Section 6.1(d), and (2) all of the conditions to the Company's
          obligation to consummate the Merger set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.3
          (other than the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1(a), (b) and (c)
          and Sections 5.3(e) and 5.3(f)) were satisfied as of the time of such
          termination, then the Company shall reimburse Parent for Parent's
          reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
          connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
          thereby, not to exceed $500,000, less any amounts previously paid by
          the Company on account of such expenses, within five (5) business days
          after the Company's receipt of reasonable documentation of such
          expenses.

               (II) The Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in
          this Section 6.3(b) are an integral part of the transactions
          contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these agreements,
          Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the
          Company fails promptly to pay when due any amount payable by the
          Company under this Section 6.3, then: (A) the Company shall reimburse
          Parent for all costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of
          counsel) incurred in connection with the collection of such overdue
          amount and the enforcement by Parent of its rights under this Section
          6.3; and (B) the Company shall pay to Parent interest on such overdue
          amount (for the period commencing as of the date such overdue amount
          was originally required to be paid through the date such overdue
          amount is actually paid to Parent in full) at a rate per annum equal
          to five percent (5%). Payment of the fees described in this Section
          6.3(b) shall not be in lieu of damages incurred in the event of
          willful breach of this Agreement.


<PAGE>


               (III) For the purposes of this Agreement, "COMPANY ACQUISITION"
          shall mean any of the following transactions (other than the
          transactions contemplated by this Agreement and other than any
          transactions in which the Company is acquired by Parent or any of its
          affiliates): (A) a merger, consolidation, business combination,
          recapitalization or similar transaction involving the Company pursuant
          to which the stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such
          transaction do not hold (directly or indirectly) at least 50% of the
          aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of
          such transaction or a parent entity following such transaction; (B) a
          transaction that involves, directly or indirectly, a sale or other
          disposition by the Company of assets that represent in excess of 50%
          of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries or a
          business or businesses that constitute or account for at least 50% of
          the consolidated net revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
          taken as a whole, immediately prior to such sale; or (C) the
          acquisition by any Person or "group" (as defined in the Exchange Act
          and the rules promulgated thereunder) (including by way of a tender
          offer or an exchange offer or issuance by the Company), directly or
          indirectly, of beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess
          of 50% of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital
          stock of the Company.

SECTION 7. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     7.1 AMENDMENT. This Agreement may be amended with the approval of the
Company and Parent at any time prior to the Effective Time; PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that after any adoption of this Agreement by the Company's stockholders, no
amendment shall be made which by law requires further approval of the
stockholders of the Company without the further approval of such stockholders.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

     7.2 WAIVER.

          (A) No failure on the part of any party to exercise any power, right,
     privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part of any
     party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this
     Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or
     remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right,
     privilege or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
     of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.


<PAGE>


          (B) No party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of
     this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this
     Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or
     remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and
     delivered on behalf of such party; and any such waiver shall not be
     applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it
     is given.

     7.3 NO SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. None of the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, or
contained in any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement or in
connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall
survive the Effective Time.

     7.4 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement, the other agreements
referred to herein and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written
and oral, among or between any of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (a) Parent
and Merger Sub acknowledge that the Company has not made and is not making any
representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this
Agreement, express or implied, except as provided in Section 2, and that they
are not relying and have not relied on any representations or warranties
whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or implied,
except as provided in Section 2; and (b) the Company acknowledges that Parent
and Merger Sub have not made and are not making any representations or
warranties whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or
implied, except as provided in Section 3, and that it is not relying and has not
relied on any representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the subject
matter of this Agreement, express or implied, except as provided in Section 2.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

     7.5 APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION. This agreement is made under, and shall
be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware
applicable to agreements made and to be performed solely therein, without giving
effect to principles of conflicts of law. In any action among or between any of
the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties
irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and
unconditionally consents to service of process in any such action by notice in
accordance with Section 7.8.

     7.6 ATTORNEYS' FEES. In any action at law or suit in equity to enforce this
Agreement or the rights of any of the parties hereunder, the prevailing party in
such action or suit shall be entitled to receive a reasonable sum for its
attorneys' fees and all other reasonable costs and expenses incurred in such
action or suit.

     7.7 ASSIGNABILITY. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be
enforceable by and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns. This Agreement shall not be assignable by any
party without the express written consent of the other parties hereto. Except as
set forth in Section 4.10 with respect to the Indemnified Parties, nothing in
this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any
Person, other than the parties hereto, any right, benefit or remedy of any
nature.


<PAGE>


     7.8 NOTICES. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be
delivered to any party under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed properly delivered, given and received when delivered (by hand, by
registered mail, by courier or express delivery service or by facsimile) to the
address or facsimile telephone number set forth beneath the name of such party
below (or to such other address or facsimile telephone number as such party
shall have specified in a written notice given to the other parties hereto):

     IF TO PARENT OR MERGER SUB:

              Tower Semiconductor Ltd.
              Ramat Gavriel Industrial Area
              P.O. Box 619
              Migdal Haemek Israel 23105
              Attention: Chief Financial Officer
              Facsimile: + 972-(4)-604-7242

     WITH A COPY TO (WHICH SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE NOTICE):

              Yigal Arnon & Co.
              1 Azrieli Center
              Tel-Aviv 67021
              Israel
              Attn: David Schapiro
              Facsimile: +972-(3)-608-7714

              and an additional copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

              O'Melveny & Myers LLP
              275 Battery Street, Suite 2600
              San Francisco, CA 94111
              Attn: Michael S. Dorf
              Facsimile: +1-(415)-984-8701

     IF TO THE COMPANY:

              Jazz Technologies, Inc.
              4321 Jamboree Road
              Newport Beach, CA 92660
              Attention: Chief Legal Officer
              Facsimile:  949-315-3811

     WITH A COPY TO (WHICH SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE NOTICE):

              Cooley Godward Kronish LLP
              101 California Street, 5th floor
              San Francisco, CA  94111
              Attention: Gian-Michele a Marca
              Facsimile:  (415) 693-2222


<PAGE>


     7.9 SEVERABILITY. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid
or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions hereof or the
validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other
situation or in any other jurisdiction. If the final judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision hereof is invalid or
unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the court making such determination
shall have the power to limit the term or provision, to delete specific words or
phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a
term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to
expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and
this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does
not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the parties hereto
agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid
and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the
economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term.

     7.10 OBLIGATION OF PARENT. Parent shall ensure that each of Merger Sub and
the Surviving Corporation duly performs, satisfies and discharges on a timely
basis each of the covenants, obligations and liabilities of Merger Sub and the
Surviving Corporation under this Agreement.

     7.11 SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. Each of the parties hereto agrees that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were
otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition to any other
remedy that a party hereto may have under law or in equity, any party hereto
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief to prevent any breach of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof.

     7.12 CONSTRUCTION

          (A) For purposes of this Agreement, whenever the context requires: the
     singular number shall include the plural, and vice versa; the masculine
     gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender
     shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall
     include masculine and feminine genders.

          (B) The parties hereto agree that any rule of construction to the
     effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
     not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

          (C) As used in this Agreement, the words "include" and "including,"
     and variations thereof, shall not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but
     rather shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation."


<PAGE>


          (D) Except as otherwise indicated, all references in this Agreement to
     "Sections," "Exhibits" and "Schedules" are intended to refer to Sections of
     this Agreement and Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement.

          (E) All references to a document or instrument having been made
     available to Parent shall mean the making available of such document or
     instrument to Parent and Parent's legal and financial advisors on the
     Company's electronic data room no later than twenty-four (24) hours prior
     to the date of this Agreement.

          (F) All references in this Agreement to "$" are intended to refer to
     U.S. dollars.


<PAGE>


     Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the date first written above.


                                            TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR LTD.


                                            By: /s/ Russell C. Ellwanger
                                            ----------------------------
                                            Russell C. Ellwanger
                                            Chief Executive Officer


                                            By: /s/ Oren Shirazi
                                            ----------------------------
                                            Oren Shirazi
                                            Acting Chief Financial Officer


                                            ARMSTRONG ACQUISITION CORP.


                                            By: /s/ Russell C. Ellwanger
                                            ----------------------------
                                            Russell C. Ellwanger
                                            Chief Executive Officer


                                            JAZZ  TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                            By: /s/ Gilbert F. Amelio
                                            ----------------------------
                                            Gilbert F. Amelio
                                            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBITS

Exhibit A     Certain Definitions

Exhibit B     Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation

Exhibit C     Form of Tax Representation Letter (Company)

Exhibit D     Form of Tax Representation Letter (Parent)


<PAGE>


                                        LIST OF OMITTED SCHEDULES

Company Disclosure
Schedule
Part 2.1(b)         Subsidiaries
Part 2.3(c)         Registration Rights
Part 2.3(d)         Company Options and Restricted Shares outstanding under
                    Company Equity Plan as of May 5, 2008
Part 2.4            Listing and other rules and regulations of AMEX
Part 2.5            Absence of Certain Changes
Part 2.6(a)(i)      Registered IP
Part 2.6(a)(ii)     Intellectual Property - Licensed in IP; Contracts
Part 2.6(a)(iii)    Intellectual Property - Licensed Out IP
Part 2.6(a)(iv)     Intellectual Property - Development Agreements
Part 2.6(b)         Intellectual Property - Limitations on Use
Part 2.6(b)(v)      No Funding, Facilities or Personnel of Government Entity or
                    Educational Institution
Part 2.6(b)(vii)    Intellectual Property - Process Technologies
Part 2.6(e)         Intellectual Property - Effect of Merger
Part 2.6(g)         Intellectual Property - Infringement of Third Party IP
Part 2.6(h)         Intellectual Property - Source Code
Part 2.6(k)         Standards Bodies
Part 2.7(a)         Leaseholds
Part 2.7(a)         Assets - Encumbrances
Part 2.8(a)         Material Contracts
Part 2.8(a)         Material Contracts - Compliance
Part 2.8(b)         Government Contracts

Part 2.9            Compliance with Legal Requirements
Part 2.10           Legal Proceedings
Part 2.11           Governmental Authorizations
Part 2.12(a)        Tax Matters - Tax Returns
Part 2.12(d)        Tax Matters - Claims or Proceedings
Part 2.12(g)        Tax Incentives or Concessions
Part 2.12(h)        Tax Matters - 280G Payments
Part 2.13(a)        List of All Employee Benefit Plans and Programs
Part 2.13(c)        Benefit Plans - Compliance
Part 2.13(d)        Benefit Plans - Changes in Actuarial or Other Assumptions
Part 2.14(b)        Employee and Labor Matters - Severance Benefits
Part 2.14(c)        Employee and Labor Matters - Non-At Will Employees;
                    Severance; Termination Benefits
Part 2.14(f)        Collective Bargaining Agreements
Part 2.14(g)        Benefit Plans - Compliance
Part 2.14(h)


<PAGE>


Part 2.14(i)        Benefit Plans - Certain Plans
Part 2.14(j)        Benefit Plans - Penalties and Assets
Part 2.14(k)        Benefit Plans - Retiree Benefits
Part 2.14(l)        Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans - Legal Compliance
Part 2.14(m)        Employee and Labor Matters - Long Term Leave
Part 2.15           Environmental Matters
Part 2.16(a)        Insurance
Part 2.16(b)        Pending Insurance Claims
Part 2.18           Product Warranties
Part 2.22           Non-Contravention; Consents
Part 2.27(c)        Reduction in Volume of Business
Part 2.27(d)        Accounts Receivable Aging as of May 13, 2008
Part 2.27(e)        Accounts Payable Aging as of May 13, 2008
Part 4.1(b)(vii)
Part 4.1(b)(x)      Employee Benefits Under Collective Bargaining Agreement
Part 4.1(b)(xi)     Existing Bonus/Retention Commitments
Part 4.1(b)(xv)     Changes to Accounting Practices
Part 4.9(c)(iii)    Employee Severance and Other Plans
Part 4.10(a)        Indemnification Obligations
Part 4.10(b)        D&O Insurance

Parent Disclosure
Schedule
Part 3.1            Due Organization and Good Standing
Part 3.3            Capitalization, Etc.
Part 3.5            Absence of Certain Changes
Part 3.6            IP Rights
Part 3.7            Contracts
Part 3.8            Compliance with Legal Requirements
Part 3.9            Legal Proceedings; Orders
Part 3.10           Governmental Authorizations
Part 3.12           Transactions with Affiliates
Part 3.14           Non-Contravention; Consents

     The above schedules have been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item
     601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplemental
     copies of any of the omitted schedules to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
     Commission upon request.


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                               CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

     For purposes of the Agreement (including this EXHIBIT A):

     AFFILIATE. A Person shall be deemed to be an "AFFILIATE" of another Person
if such Person directly or indirectly controls, is directly or indirectly
controlled by or is directly or indirectly under common control with such other
Person.

     ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION INQUIRY. "ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION INQUIRY" shall
mean any inquiry, indication of interest or request for non-public information
from a third party (other than an inquiry, indication of interest or request for
non-public information made or submitted by Parent or any of its affiliates)
that could reasonably be expected to lead to an Alternative Acquisition
Proposal.

     ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION PROPOSAL. "ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall
mean any offer or proposal from a third party (other than an offer or proposal
made or submitted by Parent or any of its affiliates) contemplating any
Alternative Acquisition Transaction between such third party or any Affiliate of
such third party and the Company.

     ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION TRANSACTION. "ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION TRANSACTION"
shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions (other than the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement and other than any transactions of
the type described below between the Company and Parent or any of its
affiliates) involving:

          (A) any merger, exchange, consolidation, business combination, plan of
     arrangement, issuance of securities, acquisition of securities,
     reorganization, recapitalization, takeover offer, tender offer, exchange
     offer or other similar transaction: (i) in which a Person or "group" (as
     defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) directly
     or indirectly would acquire, if consummated, beneficial or record ownership
     of securities representing more than 15% of the outstanding securities of
     the Company; (ii) in which the Company issues securities representing more
     than 15% of the outstanding securities of the Company; or (iii) in which
     the stockholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction
     hold, directly or indirectly, less than 85% of the equity interests in the
     surviving or resulting entity of such transaction or in any parent entity
     immediately following such transaction;

          (B) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license or disposition of any
     business or businesses or assets that constitute or account for 15% or more
     of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

          (C) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company or a Designated
     Subsidiary.

     AGREEMENT. "AGREEMENT" shall mean the Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization to which this EXHIBIT A is attached, together with this EXHIBIT
A, as such Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (including this
EXHIBIT A) may be amended from time to time.


<PAGE>


     CODE. "CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     COMPANY COMMON STOCK. "COMPANY COMMON STOCK" shall mean the common stock,
$.0001 par value per share, of the Company.

     COMPANY EQUITY PLAN. "COMPANY EQUITY PLAN" shall mean the Company's 2006
Equity Incentive Plan.

     COMPANY OPTIONS. "COMPANY OPTIONS" shall mean options to purchase shares of
Company Common Stock from the Company, whether granted by the Company pursuant
to the Company Equity Plan or otherwise.

     COMPANY OWNED IP. "COMPANY OWNED IP" shall mean all material (a) Company
Software, (b) Company Process Technology and (c) all other Intellectual Property
and Intellectual Property Rights, that in each case are related to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and in which the Company has (or purports to
have) an ownership interest.

     COMPANY PROCESS TECHNOLOGY. "COMPANY PROCESS TECHNOLOGY" shall mean any
Intellectual Property and Intellectual Property Rights (excluding trademark and
trade name rights and similar rights) that both (a) are owned(or which the
Company purports to be owned) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and (b)
protect or apply to Process Technology.

     COMPANY SOFTWARE. "COMPANY SOFTWARE" shall mean any software, including
software components of design kits used in connection with Company Process
Technology, software development tools and firmware and other software embedded
in hardware devices, and all updates, upgrades, releases, enhancements and bug
fixes, in each case owned (or which the Company purports to be owned) by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

     COMPANY WARRANTS. "COMPANY WARRANTS" shall mean the warrants to purchase
shares of Company Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.00 per share issued by
the Company in its initial public offering of units or in a private placement
consummated on March 13, 2006.

     COMPANY UNITS. "COMPANY UNITS" consist of one (1) share of Company Common
Stock and two (2) Company Warrants.

     CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT. "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT" shall mean that
certain letter agreement, dated March 12, 2008, between Parent and the Company.

     CONVERTIBLE NOTES. "CONVERTIBLE NOTES" shall mean the Company's 8%
convertible senior notes due 2011 issued pursuant to the Indenture.

     DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARY. "DESIGNATED SUBSIDIARY" shall mean either of the
following Subsidiaries: Jazz Semiconductor, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and
Newport Fab, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


<PAGE>


     ENCUMBRANCE. "ENCUMBRANCE" shall mean any lien, pledge, hypothecation,
charge, mortgage, security interest, encumbrance, claim, option, right of first
refusal, preemptive right, community property interest or restriction of any
nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction
on the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt
of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any asset
and any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other
attribute of ownership of any asset).

     ENTITY. "ENTITY" shall mean any corporation (including any non-profit
corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any company
limited by shares, limited liability company or joint stock company), firm,
society or other enterprise, association, organization or entity (including any
Governmental Entity).

     EXCHANGE ACT. "EXCHANGE ACT" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.

     FACILITIES. "FACILITIES" shall mean any real property or interest in real
property that is being used or has been used by the Company or any Designated
Subsidiary and all buildings, structures or other improvements thereon.

     FACILITY AGREEMENT. "FACILITY AGREEMENT" means that certain Restated
Facility Agreement originally made on January 18, 2001 and restated on August
24, 2006 among Parent and Bank Hapoalim B.M. and Bank Leumi Le-Israel B.M.

     GAAP. "GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted accounting
principles.

     GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. "GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION" shall mean any
permit, license, registration, qualification or authorization granted by any
Governmental Entity.

     GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY. "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY" shall mean any federal, state,
local or foreign governmental authority.

     GOVERNMENT CONTRACT. "GOVERNMENT CONTRACT" means any customer contract
(including any basic ordering agreement, letter contract, purchase order,
delivery order, task order or change order and including any "contractor team
arrangement" as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation 9.601) between, (A)
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company and an United States Governmental
Entity or (B) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company as a subcontractor at
any tier and prime contractor to an United States Governmental Entity.

     INDENTURE. "INDENTURE" shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of
December 19, 2006, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as
supplemented, amended or otherwise modified from time to time.

     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean algorithms, APIs,
apparatus, databases, data collections, development tools, diagrams, formulae,
inventions (whether or not patentable), know-how, logos, marks (including brand
names, product names, logos and slogans), mask works, methods, network
configurations and architectures, processes, proprietary information, protocols,
schematics, semiconductor devices, specifications, software, software code (in
any form, including source code and executable or object code), subroutines,
techniques, user interfaces, URLs, web sites, works of authorship and other
forms of technology (whether or not embodied in any tangible form such as
instruction manuals, laboratory notebooks, prototypes, samples, studies and
summaries).


<PAGE>


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" shall mean all
rights of the following types, which may exist or be created under the laws of
any jurisdiction in the world: (a) rights associated with works of authorship,
including exclusive exploitation rights, copyrights, moral rights and mask
works; (b) trademark and trade name rights and similar rights; (c) trade secret
rights; (d) patent and industrial property rights; (e) other proprietary rights
in Intellectual Property; and (f) rights in or relating to registrations,
renewals, extensions, combinations, divisions and reissues of, and applications
for, any of the rights referred to in clauses "(a)" through "(e)" above.

     KNOWLEDGE. "KNOWLEDGE" shall mean, if in reference to an individual, the
knowledge of such person, and if in reference to an entity, the knowledge of
such entity's directors or executive officers and, in the case of the Company,
the knowledge of Gilbert F. Amelio, Paul A. Pittman, Allen R. Grogan, Chuck Fox,
Marco Racanelli, Nabil Al Ali, Dan Lynch, Luca Fabbri, Andy Chan and Susanna
Bennett.

     LEGAL PROCEEDING. "LEGAL PROCEEDING" shall mean any lawsuit, court action
or other court proceeding.

     LEGAL REQUIREMENT. "LEGAL REQUIREMENT" shall mean any law, rule or
regulation adopted or promulgated by any Governmental Entity, including any
instrument or grant from any Governmental Entity.

     MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" shall mean, with respect
to the Company or Parent (as the case may be), (i) a material adverse effect on
the business, assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of such
party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) an effect that would
prevent the Company or Parent (as the case may be) from consummating the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement at or prior to the Final Time;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that none of the following shall be deemed either alone or in
combination to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into account
in determining whether there has been or would be, a Material Adverse Effect on
a party: (A) any adverse effect that results directly or indirectly from general
economic, business, financial or market conditions (except to the extent that
such party is adversely affected disproportionately relative to other companies
operating in the same industries as such party); (B) any adverse effect arising
directly or indirectly from or otherwise relating to any of the industries or
industry sectors in which such party or any of its Subsidiaries operates (except
to the extent that such party is adversely affected disproportionately relative
to other companies operating in the same industries as such party); (C) any
adverse effect arising directly or indirectly from or otherwise relating to
fluctuations in the value of any currency; (D) any adverse effect arising
directly or indirectly from or otherwise relating to any act of terrorism, war,
national or international calamity or any other similar event; (E) any adverse
effect arising directly or indirectly from or otherwise relating to the
announcement or pendency of the Agreement or the Merger, including any
cancellations of or delays in customer orders, any reduction in sales, any
disruption in (or loss of) supplier, distributor, partner or similar
relationships or any loss of employees, or any claims made or any litigation
filed by stockholders of the Company that challenges the Merger; (F) the failure
of such party to meet internal or analysts' expectations or projections or a
decline in such party's stock price, in and of itself (for the avoidance of
doubt, this clause "(F)" shall not preclude the other party from asserting that
the underlying cause of any such failure or decrease in stock price is a
Material Adverse Effect); (G) any adverse effect arising directly or indirectly
from or otherwise relating to any action taken by such party or any of its
Subsidiaries with the other party's consent or in compliance by such party with
the terms of the Agreement; (H) any adverse effect arising directly from any
change in, or any compliance with or action taking for the purpose of complying
with, any Legal Requirement; and (I) any adverse effect arising directly or
indirectly from or otherwise relating to any request or requirement by any
Governmental Entity that any party to the Agreement or any of the Subsidiaries
of any party to the Agreement enter into any voting trust arrangement, proxy
arrangement, "hold separate" agreement or similar agreement or arrangement with
respect to any assets or operations of such party or Subsidiary or any
securities of any Subsidiary of the Company.


<PAGE>


     OPEN SOURCE LICENSE. "OPEN SOURCE LICENSE" means any license that has been
designated as an approved "open source license" on www.opensource.org (including
but not limited to the GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL), Mozilla Public License (MPL), BSD licenses, the Artistic
License, the Netscape Public License, the Sun Community Source License (SCSL),
the Sun Industry Standards Source License (SISSL) and the Apache License).

     OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE. "OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE" shall mean any software that
is generally licensed or made available in source code form under the terms of a
license (such as the General Public License, the Lesser General Public License,
the Mozilla license, and the Apache license) that allows for the use,
modification, and redistribution of such software in source code form without
the payment of any license fees or royalties.

     ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS. "ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS" shall mean, with
respect to any Entity, (a) if such Entity is a corporation, such Entity's
certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws, as amended and in effect
on the date hereof, and (b) if such Entity is a limited liability company, such
Entity's certificate or articles of formation and operating agreement.

     PARENT OWNED IP. "PARENT OWNED IP" shall mean all material Intellectual
Property and Intellectual Property Rights that are related to the business of
Parent and its Subsidiaries and in which Parent has an ownership interest.

     PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES. "PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES" shall mean (a) liens for
taxes not yet due and payable, (b) liens, encumbrances or imperfections of title
that have arisen in the ordinary course of business, (c) liens, encumbrances or
imperfections of title resulting from or otherwise relating to any of the
contracts referred to in the Company Disclosure Schedule or Parent Disclosure
Schedule, as applicable, (d) liens, encumbrances or imperfections of title
relating to liabilities reflected in the financial statements (including any
related notes) contained in the Company SEC Documents or Parent Reports, as
applicable, (e) liens, pledges or encumbrances arising from or otherwise
relating to transfer restrictions under the Securities Act and the securities
laws of the various states of the United States or foreign jurisdictions, and
(f) liens, encumbrances or imperfections of title which would not materially
detract from the value of the applicable asset or place any material
restrictions on its intended use or enjoyment.


<PAGE>


     PERSON. "PERSON" shall mean any individual or Entity.

     PROCESS TECHNOLOGY. "PROCESS TECHNOLOGY" shall mean (i) process steps used
in the fabrication of wafers, including process technologies for digital CMOS,
standard analog CMOS, advanced analog CMOS, RF CMOS, high-voltage CMOS, bipolar
CMOS, silicon-germanium bipolar CMOS, and bipolar CMOS double-diffused metal
oxide semiconductor; or (ii) any improvement to, or new design of, manufacturing
tools used to fabricate wafers; or (iii) any layout optimization carried out to
enhance yield and performance by design-for-manufacturing rules, optical
proximity correction, and other techniques.

     PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. "PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS" shall mean the
proxy statement to be sent to the Company's stockholders in connection with the
Company Stockholders' Meeting.

     REGISTERED IP. "REGISTERED IP" shall mean all Intellectual Property Rights
that are registered, filed or issued under the authority of, with or by any
Governmental Entity, including all patents, registered copyrights, registered
mask works and registered trademarks and domain names and all applications for
any of the foregoing.

     REGISTRATION STATEMENT. "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" shall mean the
registration statement on Form F-4 (or combination Form F-4/F-3) to be filed
with the SEC by Parent in connection with issuance of Parent Ordinary Shares in
the Merger and upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, as said registration
statement may be amended prior to the time it is declared effective by the SEC.

     SEC. "SEC" shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

     SECURITIES ACT. "SECURITIES ACT" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.

     SUBSIDIARY. An Entity shall be deemed to be a "SUBSIDIARY" of another
Person if such Person directly or indirectly owns, beneficially or of record,
(a) an amount of voting securities or other interests in such Entity that is
sufficient to enable such Person to elect at least a majority of the members of
such Entity's board of directors or comparable governing body, or (b) at least
50% of the outstanding equity interests issued by such Entity.

     SUPERIOR PROPOSAL. "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall mean any bona fide written
Alternative Acquisition Proposal by a third party not affiliated with the
Company or any Person who was a director or executive officer of the Company as
of May 17, 2008 to purchase all the outstanding capital stock of the Company,
pursuant to a tender or exchange offer, a merger, a consolidation, a
recapitalization or other business transaction, or to purchase business or
businesses or assets that constitute or account for all or substantially all of
the consolidated net revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, and that (in each case): (A) was not obtained or made as a direct or
indirect result of a breach of Section 4.2 of the Agreement, or the
Confidentiality Agreement, (B) is not subject to a financing (or reverse
break-up fee payable in the event of failure to obtain financing) contingency
that is unlikely or uncertain to be satisfied, as determined in good faith by
the Company's Board of Directors, and (C) is determined in good faith by the
Company's Board of Directors, after consultation with the Company's financial
advisor and outside legal counsel and taking into account all the known terms
and conditions of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal, to contemplate a
transaction that: (x) if consummated would be more favorable to the Company's
stockholders than the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (taking into
account the terms of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal and any amendments to
the terms of the Agreement proposed by Parent in a binding written offer
provided by Parent to the Company in response to such Alternative Acquisition
Proposal; and (y) is reasonably capable of being consummated by the third party
on the terms of such Alternative Acquisition Proposal (taking into account the
relevant financial, legal and regulatory considerations associated with such
Alternative Acquisition Proposal) (it being understood that an executive officer
of the Company who elects to continue employment with such Person or its
Affiliates after the consummation of any Alternative Acquisition Transaction
shall not be deemed to be affiliated with the Company for purposes of this
definition).


<PAGE>


     TAX. "TAX" shall mean (i) any and all federal, state, local and foreign
taxes, duties, imposts, levies or assessments of any nature whatsoever imposed
by a tax authority, including income, gross receipts, profits, sales, use,
occupation, value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise or property taxes, together with any interest, penalties or
additions imposed with respect thereto, and (ii) any liability or obligations
with respect to any items described in clause "(i)" above, whether by contract,
as a successor or transferee or otherwise.

     TAX RETURN. "TAX RETURN" shall mean any and all returns, reports,
declarations, claims for refund or information returns, statements or forms
(including any schedule, attachment or amendment thereto) with respect to Taxes.

     TRIGGERING EVENT. "TRIGGERING EVENT" shall be deemed to have occurred if:
(a) the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof shall for any
reason have failed to recommend that the Company's stockholders vote to adopt
the Agreement, or shall for any reason have withheld, withdrawn or rescinded the
Company Board Recommendation or modified, amended or changed or publicly
proposed to withhold, withdraw, rescind, modify, amend or change the Company
Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent and Merger Sub; (b) the
Company shall have failed to include in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus the
Company Board Recommendation or a statement to the effect that the Board of
Directors of the Company has determined and believes that the Merger is fair to
and in the best interests of the Company's stockholders; (c) the Board of
Directors of the Company shall have failed to reaffirm its recommendation in
favor of the adoption of the Agreement within 15 business days after Parent
requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at any time following
the public announcement and during the pendency of an Alternative Acquisition
Proposal; (d) the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof
shall have approved, endorsed or recommended any Alternative Acquisition
Proposal; (e) the Company shall have entered into any binding letter of intent
or similar document or any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any
Alternative Acquisition Proposal; and (f) a tender or exchange offer relating to
not less than 15% of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
shall have been commenced by a third party (other than Parent or any Affiliate
of Parent) and the Company shall not have sent to its stockholders, or filed
with the SEC, within 15 business days after the commencement of such tender or
exchange offer, a statement disclosing that the Company recommends rejection of
such tender or exchange offer.


<PAGE>


     UNCURED INACCURACY. There shall be deemed to be an "UNCURED INACCURACY" in
a representation or warranty of a party to the Agreement as of a particular date
only if such representation or warranty shall be inaccurate as of such date as
if such representation or warranty were made as of such date, and the inaccuracy
in such representation or warranty shall not have been cured since such date;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if such representation or warranty by its terms speaks
as of the date of the Agreement or as of another particular date, then there
shall not be deemed to be an Uncured Inaccuracy in such representation or
warranty unless such representation or warranty shall have been inaccurate as of
such date, and the inaccuracy in such representation or warranty shall not have
been cured since such date.


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B

                      FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                          OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

                AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                             JAZZ TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                    ARTICLE I

     The name of the corporation (this "Corporation") is:

                             JAZZ TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                                   ARTICLE II

     The address of this Corporation's registered office in the State of
Delaware is c/o Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of this Corporation's registered
agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

     The name and mailing address of the incorporator of this Corporation are:
[____________].

                                   ARTICLE III

     The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to
engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of Delaware ("GCL").

                                   ARTICLE IV

     This Corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock to be designated
"Common Stock," with a par value of $0.001 per share. The total number of shares
which this Corporation is authorized to issue is One Hundred (100) shares.

                                    ARTICLE V

     Except as otherwise provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, in
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board
of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind
any or all of the Bylaws of this Corporation.


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE VI

     The number of directors of this Corporation shall be fixed from time to
time by the Bylaws or amendment thereof duly adopted by the board of directors
or by the stockholders.

                                   ARTICLE VII

     Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of
this Corporation shall so provide.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

     Meeting of stockholders of this Corporation may be held within or without
the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of this Corporation
may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the statutes) outside the
State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time
by the board of directors or in the Bylaws of this Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE IX

     A director of this Corporation shall not be personally liable to this
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, except that this Article IX shall not eliminate or limit a
director's liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to
this Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good
faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the GCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which
such director derived an improper personal benefit. If the GCL is amended after
the effective date of this Certificate of Incorporation to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then
the liability of a director of this Corporation shall be eliminated or limited
to the fullest extent permitted by the GCL, as so amended from time to time.

     Any repeal or modification of this Article IX shall not increase the
personal liability of any director of this Corporation for any act or occurrence
taking place prior to such repeal or modification, or otherwise adversely affect
any right or protection of a director of this Corporation existing at the time
of such repeal or modification.

     The provisions of this Article IX shall not be deemed to limit or preclude
indemnification of a director by this Corporation for any liability of a
director which has not been eliminated by the provisions of this Article IX.

                                    ARTICLE X

     This Corporation shall indemnify to the full extent authorized or permitted
by law (as now or hereafter in effect) any person made, or threatened to be made
a party or witness to any action, suit or proceeding (whether civil or criminal
or otherwise) by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate, is or
was a director or an officer of this Corporation or by reason of the fact that
such person, at the request of this Corporation, is or was serving any other
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise, in any capacity. Nothing contained herein shall affect any rights to
indemnification to which employees other than directors and officers may be
entitled by law. No amendment to or repeal of this Article X shall apply to or
have any effect on any right to indemnification provided hereunder with respect
to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.


<PAGE>


                                   ARTICLE XI

     Pursuant to GCL Section 203(b)(1), this Corporation shall not be governed
by the provisions of GCL Section 203.

                                   ARTICLE XII

     This Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or
hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders
herein are granted subject to this reservation.


<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate of
Incorporation on this [__]th day of ________, 2008.

                                                            ____________________
                                                            Name:
                                                            Title:


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT C

                   FORM OF TAX REPRESENTATION LETTER (COMPANY)

                              [Company Letterhead]

                             ______________ __, 2008




Cooley Godward Kronish LLP                        O'Melveny & Myers LLP
101 California Street, 5th floor                  275 Battery Street, Suite 2600
San Francisco, CA 94111                           San Francisco, CA 94111

     Re:  Merger pursuant to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by
          and among Tower Semiconductor Ltd. , Armstrong Acquisition Corp. and
          Jazz Technologies, Inc.


Ladies and Gentlemen:

     This letter is furnished to you in connection with your rendering of
opinions pursuant to Sections 5.2(e)(i) and 5.3(e)(i) of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger and Reorganization dated May 19, 2008 (the "MERGER AGREEMENT") by and
among Tower Semiconductor Ltd., an Israeli company ("PARENT"), Armstrong
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
("MERGER SUB"), and Jazz Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("COMPANY").
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Company
(the "MERGER") and Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
Except as otherwise provided, capitalized terms not defined herein have the
meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement. References herein to the "IRC" refer
to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and references
to a "TREASURY REGULATION" refer to a regulation promulgated under the IRC.

     After consulting with its counsel and auditors regarding the meaning of and
factual support for the following representations, the undersigned hereby
certifies and represents that the following representations are true, correct
and complete as of the date hereof and will continue to be true, correct and
complete as of the Effective Time and thereafter where relevant:

     1.   General Reorganization Representations

          (i) The facts that relate to the Merger and related transactions, as
     described in the Registration Statement (including the Proxy
     Statement/Prospectus), as amended or supplemented through the date hereof,
     are true, correct, and complete in all material respects and will be true,
     correct, and complete in all material respects at the Effective Time (as if
     made as of the Effective Time).

          (ii) The fair market value of the Parent Ordinary Shares to be issued
     to the Company shareholders in the Merger was approximately equal to the
     fair market value of the shares of Company Common Stock to be surrendered
     by the Company shareholders in the Merger.


<PAGE>


          (iii) At the Effective Time, there will not be outstanding any equity
     interests in Company other than those disclosed in Sections 1.5 and 1.8 of
     the Merger Agreement, or any warrants, options, convertible securities, or
     any other type of right pursuant to which any person could acquire stock in
     Company or any other equity interest in Company that, if exercised or
     converted, would affect Parent's acquisition or retention of Control of
     Company. As used in this Section 1, "CONTROL" means direct ownership of
     stock possessing at least eighty percent (80%) of the total combined voting
     power of all classes of stock entitled to vote and at least eighty percent
     (80%) of the total number of shares of each other class of stock of the
     corporation.

          (iv) Except with respect to repurchases or other reacquisitions of
     stock subject to repurchase from or forfeiture by terminated employees
     pursuant to repurchase (or other reacquisition) rights obtained in the
     ordinary course of business, following the Merger, Parent has no plan or
     intention to reacquire or to cause or to allow any person related to Parent
     within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-1(e)(3), (e)(4), or
     (e)(5) to purchase, redeem, or otherwise reacquire any Parent Ordinary
     Shares issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

          (v) Other than pursuant to this Merger Agreement, neither Company nor
     any Person related to Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
     Sections 1.368-1(e)(3), (e)(4) and (e)(5) has redeemed, purchased or
     otherwise acquired any Company stock in anticipation of the transactions
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the "TRANSACTIONS") during the period
     beginning with the commencement of negotiations (whether formal or
     informal) regarding the Merger and ending at the Effective Time (the
     "PRE-MERGER PERIOD"), or otherwise as part of a plan of which the
     Transactions are a part. To Company's knowledge neither Parent nor any
     Parent Affiliate will own beneficially or of record, or will have owned
     beneficially or of record during the five years immediately prior to the
     Effective Time, any Company stock, or other securities, options, warrants,
     or instruments giving the holder thereof the right to acquire shares of
     Company Common Stock or other securities offered by Company.

          (vi) Other than in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to its
     obligations under the Merger Agreement, Company has made no transfer of any
     of its assets (including any distribution of assets with respect to, or in
     redemption of, stock) in contemplation of the Transactions (or any other
     corporate acquisition) or during the Pre-Merger Period.

          (vii) In the Merger, Parent will acquire Company Common Stock solely
     in exchange for Parent Ordinary Shares (other than any cash paid in lieu of
     fractional shares, as described in paragraph (xv)). Company has no
     knowledge of any Parent plan or intention to cause or permit the Surviving
     Corporation to issue additional shares of its stock that would affect
     Parent's acquisition or retention of Control of Company. For purposes of
     this paragraph, shares of Company Common Stock exchanged in the Merger for
     cash and other property (including, without limitation, cash paid to
     Company stockholders in lieu of fractional Parent Ordinary Shares and cash
     paid to redeem Parent Ordinary Shares that are issued in the Merger (except
     as provided in paragraph (iii)) will be treated as shares of Company Common
     Stock outstanding on the date of the Merger but not exchanged for shares of
     Parent Ordinary Shares.


<PAGE>


          (viii) Immediately following the Effective Time, the Surviving
     Corporation will be wholly owned directly by Parent. Company is not aware
     of any Parent plan or intention: (i) to liquidate the Surviving Corporation
     or merge the Surviving Corporation into another entity; (ii) to sell or
     otherwise dispose of any shares or securities of, or other interests in,
     the Surviving Corporation held by Parent; or (iii) to sell or otherwise
     dispose of, or to cause the Surviving Corporation to sell or otherwise
     dispose of, any of Merger Sub's or Company's assets, or of any of the
     assets of Merger Sub or of Company acquired in the Merger; except with
     respect to: (x) dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business;
     (y) transfers described in IRC ss.368(a)(2)(C), or in the applicable
     Treasury Regulations; or (z) sales of the Surviving Corporation's assets to
     unrelated third parties for fair market value that do not prevent the
     continuation of Company's "historic business" or use of "historic business
     assets" as described in paragraph (vii) below.

          (ix) Company conducts a historic business within the meaning of
     Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-1(d), and no assets of Company have been
     acquired or sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of that would prevent
     Parent, or a member of its qualified group of corporations, from continuing
     such "historic business" or from using a "significant portion" of Company's
     "historic business assets" in a business following the Merger. Company has
     no knowledge of any plan or intention by Parent, or a member of its
     qualified group of corporations (as defined by Treasury Regulations Section
     1.368-1(d)(4)(ii)), to cause or allow the Merger to fail to satisfy the
     requirement for a reorganization set forth in Treasury Regulations Section
     1.368-1(d) by causing or allowing the Surviving Corporation to discontinue
     the historic business of Company (or, alternatively, if Company has more
     than one line of business, by causing or allowing the Surviving Corporation
     to discontinue all of the significant lines of Company's historic business)
     and failing to use a significant portion of Company's historic business
     assets in a business. For purposes of this representation, Parent will be
     deemed to satisfy the foregoing representation if (a) the members of
     Parent's qualified group (as defined in Treasury Regulations Section
     1.368-1(d)(4)(ii)), in the aggregate, continue the historic business of
     Company or use a significant portion of Company's historic business assets
     in a business or (b) the foregoing activities are undertaken by a
     partnership as contemplated by Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d)(4).

          (x) Company is not an "INVESTMENT COMPANY" within the meaning of IRC
     ss.ss.368(a)(2)(F)(iii) and (iv). As used in Sections 1 and 2 hereof, an
     "Investment Company" means a regulated investment company, a real estate
     investment trust, or a corporation 50 percent or more of the value of whose
     total assets are stock and securities and 80 percent or more of the value
     of whose total assets are assets held for investment. In making the
     50-percent and 80-percent determinations under the preceding sentence,
     stock and securities in any subsidiary corporation shall be disregarded and
     the parent corporation shall be deemed to own its ratable share of the
     subsidiary's assets, and a corporation shall be considered a subsidiary if
     the parent owns 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of all
     classes of stock entitled to vote, or 50 percent or more of the total value
     of shares of all classes of stock outstanding. For this purpose, in
     determining total assets, cash and cash items (including receivables), and
     Government securities shall be excluded. The term "securities" includes
     obligations of state and local governments, commodity futures contracts,
     shares of regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts,
     and other investments constituting a security within the meaning of the
     Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-2(36)).


<PAGE>


          (xi) Except as specifically set forth in the Merger Agreement, Company
     will pay its expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the Transaction
     and has not agreed to assume, nor will it directly or indirectly assume,
     any expense or other liability, whether fixed or contingent, of any Company
     shareholder. To Company's knowledge, Parent has retained no Company
     shareholder to act as agent for Parent in connection with the Merger or
     approval thereof and Parent will reimburse no Company shareholder for
     shares of Company Common Stock such shareholder may have purchased or for
     other obligations such shareholder may have incurred.

          (xii) There is no intercorporate indebtedness existing between Parent
     and Company that was issued, acquired, or will be settled at a discount.

          (xiii) The fair market value of Company's assets will exceed the
     amount of its liabilities plus the liabilities, if any, to which the
     Company's assets are subject.

          (xiv) All Parent Ordinary Shares issued in the Merger will be shares
     of voting stock and, to Company's knowledge, there are no restrictions on
     the voting rights with respect to such shares.

          (xv) The payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
     Ordinary Shares in the Merger is solely for the purpose of avoiding the
     expense and inconvenience to Parent of issuing fractional shares of Parent
     Ordinary Shares and does not represent separately bargained-for
     consideration for Company Common Stock. The total cash consideration that
     will be paid in the Merger to the Company shareholders instead of issuing
     fractional shares of Parent Ordinary Shares will not exceed one percent of
     the total consideration that will be issued in the transaction to the
     Company shareholders in exchange for their Company Common Stock. The
     fractional share interests of each Company shareholder will be aggregated,
     and, with the possible exception of Company shareholders that hold shares
     of Company Common Stock through multiple brokers or multiple accounts, no
     Company shareholder will receive cash in lieu of Parent Ordinary Shares in
     an amount equal to or greater than the value of one full share of Parent
     Ordinary Shares.

          (xvi) Not more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power and
     not more than fifty percent (50%) of the total value of the stock of Parent
     will be received in the Transaction, in the aggregate, by Company
     shareholders who are U.S. persons in exchange for their shares of Company
     Common Stock as determined pursuant to the rules set forth in Treasury
     Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c).

          (xvii) Immediately after the Merger, not more than fifty percent (50%)
     of the total voting power and not more than fifty percent (50%) of the
     total value of the stock of Parent will be owned, in the aggregate (taking
     into account, to Company's knowledge, any attribution or constructive
     ownership rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)), by U.S.
     persons that are at such time either officers or directors of Company or
     that owned stock representing five percent (5%) or more of the total voting
     power or total value of the stock of Company immediately prior to the
     Merger.


<PAGE>


          (xviii) To Company's knowledge, for the entire thirty-six month period
     immediately preceding the Merger, either Parent or any qualified subsidiary
     (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(vii)) or any
     qualified partnership (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
     1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(viii)) has been engaged in an active trade or business
     outside the United States, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
     Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(3). To Company's knowledge Parent has no plan or
     intention to substantially dispose of or discontinue (or to allow any
     qualified subsidiary or qualified partnership to substantially dispose of
     or discontinue) the active trade or business referred to in the preceding
     sentence.

          (xix) To Company's knowledge the fair market value of the total
     outstanding equity of Parent (not taking into account assets acquired
     outside the ordinary course of business, unless Parent is permitted to take
     such assets into account pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section
     1.367(a)-3(c)(3)(iii)), is at least equal to the fair market value of the
     total outstanding equity of Company.

          (xx) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has taken
     any action or failed to take any action that is reasonably likely to
     prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
     meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and a transaction that is not subject
     to Section 367(a)(1) of the Code.

     2.   Relating to Merger Sub

          (i) To Company's knowledge Merger Sub was formed solely for the
     purposes of effecting the Merger and has conducted no business or other
     activities except in connection with the Merger.

          (ii) To Company's knowledge, in the Merger, Merger Sub will have no
     liabilities assumed by Company and will not transfer to Company any assets
     subject to liabilities.

          (iii) At the time of the Merger and at the Effective Time, Company
     will hold at least ninety percent (90%) of the fair market value of the net
     assets and at least seventy percent (70%) of the fair market value of the
     gross assets held by Merger Sub. In addition, after the Merger, at least
     ninety percent (90%) of the fair market value of the net assets and at
     least seventy percent (70%) of the fair market value of the gross assets
     held by Company immediately prior to the Merger will continue to be held by
     the Surviving Corporation after the Merger. For the purpose of this
     representation, the following assets of Company or of Merger Sub, as the
     case may be, will be treated as property held by Company or Merger Sub, as
     the case may be, immediately prior to the Merger but not by the Surviving
     Corporation subsequent to the Merger: (i) assets disposed of by Company or
     the Surviving Corporation (other than assets sold to unrelated third
     parties for fair market value) subsequent to the Merger; (ii) assets of
     Company or Merger Sub (other than assets transferred from Merger Sub to
     Company in the Merger) that were, to Company's knowledge, disposed of prior
     to the Merger and in contemplation thereof; (iii) assets used by Company or
     Merger Sub to pay other expenses or liabilities incurred in connection with
     the Merger; and (v) assets used to make distributions, redemptions, or
     other payments in respect of shares of Company Common Stock or stock of
     Merger Sub or rights to acquire such stock (including payments treated as
     such for tax purposes) that were, to Company's knowledge, made in
     contemplation of the Merger or that are related thereto, or that were, to
     Company's knowledge, made during the Pre-Merger Period.


<PAGE>


          (iv) To Company's knowledge Merger Sub is not an Investment Company.

          (v) Except as specifically set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger
     Sub will pay its expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the
     Transaction and has not agreed to assume, nor will it directly or
     indirectly assume, any expense or other liability, whether fixed or
     contingent, of any Company shareholder.

          (vi) There is no intercorporate indebtedness existing between Merger
     Sub and Company that was issued, acquired, or will be settled at a
     discount.

     Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the undersigned makes no
     representations regarding any actions or conduct of Company pursuant to
     Parent's exercise of control over Company after the Merger.

     The undersigned recognizes that (i) your opinions will be based on the
     representations set forth herein and on the statements contained in the
     Merger Agreement and documents related thereto, and (ii) your opinions will
     be subject to certain limitations and qualifications including that they
     may not be relied upon if any such representations are not accurate in all
     material respects at all relevant times. If, prior to the Effective Time,
     any of the representations set forth herein cease to be accurate in any
     material respect, the undersigned agrees to deliver to you immediately a
     written notice to that effect. The undersigned recognizes that your
     opinions will not address any tax consequences of the Merger or any action
     taken in connection therewith except as expressly set forth in such
     opinions.

                                                     Very truly yours,

                                                     JAZZ TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                                     By:_______________________
                                                     Name:_____________________
                                                     Title:____________________


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT D

                   FORM OF TAX REPRESENTATION LETTER (PARENT)

                               [Parent Letterhead]

                             ______________ __, 2008

O'Melveny & Myers LLP                           Cooley Godward Kronish LLP
275 Battery Street, Suite 2600                  101 California Street, 5th floor
San Francisco, CA 94111                         San Francisco, CA 94111

     Re:  Merger pursuant to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by
          and among Tower Semiconductor Ltd. , Armstrong Acquisition Corp. and
          Jazz Technologies, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     This letter is furnished to you in connection with your rendering of
opinions pursuant to Sections 5.2(e)(i) and 5.3(e)(i) of the Agreement and Plan
of Merger and Reorganization dated May 19, 2008 (the "MERGER AGREEMENT") by and
among Tower Semiconductor Ltd., an Israeli company ("PARENT"), Armstrong
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
("MERGER SUB"), and Jazz Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("COMPANY").
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Company
(the "MERGER") and Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.
Except as otherwise provided, capitalized terms not defined herein have the
meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement. References herein to the "IRC" refer
to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and references
to a "TREASURY REGULATION" refer to a regulation promulgated under the IRC.

     After consulting with their counsel and auditors regarding the meaning of
and factual support for the following representations, the undersigned hereby
certify and represent that the following representations are true, correct and
complete as of the date hereof and will continue to be true, correct and
complete as of the Effective Time and thereafter where relevant:

     1.   General Reorganization Representations

          (i) The facts that relate to the Merger and related transactions, as
     described in the Registration Statement (including the Proxy
     Statement/Prospectus), as amended or supplemented through the date hereof,
     are true, correct, and complete in all material respects and will be true,
     correct, and complete in all material respects at the Effective Time (as if
     made as of the Effective Time).

          (ii) The fair market value of the Parent Ordinary Shares to be issued
     to each Company shareholder in the Merger is approximately equal to the
     fair market value of the shares of Company Common Stock to be surrendered
     by such Company shareholder in the Merger.


<PAGE>


          (iii) Parent is in "Control" of Merger Sub. As used in this Section 1,
     "CONTROL" means direct ownership of stock possessing at least eighty
     percent (80%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock
     entitled to vote and at least eighty percent (80%) of the total number of
     shares of each other class of stock of the corporation.

          (iv) Except with respect to acquisitions which are made on the open
     market through a broker at the prevailing market price from a shareholder
     whose identity is not known to Parent and are made pursuant to a stock
     repurchase program that was not a matter negotiated with Company or any
     Company shareholder, does not favor participation by any Company
     shareholder and pursuant to which the number of shares repurchased does not
     exceed the number of Parent shares outstanding prior to the Merger ("Open
     Market Acquisitions"), Company has no knowledge of any Parent plan or
     intention to reacquire or to cause or to allow any person related to Parent
     within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-1(e)(3), (e)(4), or
     (e)(5) to purchase, redeem, or otherwise reacquire any Parent Ordinary
     Shares issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

          (v) Other than pursuant to this Merger Agreement, neither Parent nor
     any Person related to Parent within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
     Sections 1.368-1(e)(3), (e)(4) and (e)(5) has acquired any shares of
     Company Common Stock in contemplation of the transactions contemplated by
     the Merger Agreement (the "TRANSACTION") during the period beginning with
     the commencement of negotiations (whether formal or informal) regarding the
     Merger and ending at the Effective Time (the "PRE-MERGER PERIOD"), or
     otherwise as part of a plan of which the Transaction is a part. Neither
     Parent nor any Parent Affiliate will own beneficially or of record, or will
     have owned beneficially or of record during the five years immediately
     prior to the Effective Time, any shares of Company Common Stock, or other
     securities, options, warrants, or instruments giving the holder thereof the
     right to acquire shares of Company Common Stock or other securities offered
     by Company.

          (vi) In the Merger, Parent will acquire Company Common Stock solely in
     exchange for Parent Ordinary Shares (other than any cash paid in lieu of
     fractional shares, as described in paragraph (xv).

          (vii) Following the Merger, Parent has no current plan or intention to
     cause or permit the Surviving Corporation to issue additional shares of its
     stock that would affect Parent's acquisition or retention of Control of
     Company. For purposes of this paragraph, shares of Company Common Stock
     exchanged in the Merger for cash and other property (including, without
     limitation, cash paid to Company stockholders in lieu of fractional Parent
     Ordinary Shares and cash paid to redeem Parent Ordinary Shares that are
     issued in the Merger (except as provided in paragraph (iii)) will be
     treated as shares of Company Common Stock outstanding on the date of the
     Merger but not exchanged for shares of Parent Ordinary Shares.

          (viii) Immediately following the Effective Time, the Surviving
     Corporation will be wholly owned directly by Parent. Parent has no current
     plan or intention: (i) to liquidate the Surviving Corporation or merge the
     Surviving Corporation into another entity; (ii) to sell or otherwise
     dispose of any shares or securities of, or other interests in, the
     Surviving Corporation held by Parent; or (iii) to sell or otherwise dispose
     of, or to cause the Surviving Corporation to sell or otherwise dispose of,
     any of Merger Sub's or Company's assets, or of any of the assets of Merger
     Sub or of Company acquired in the Merger; except with respect to: (x)
     dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business; (y) transfers
     described in IRC ss.368(a)(2)(C), or in the applicable Treasury
     Regulations; or (z) sales of thE Surviving Corporation's assets to
     unrelated third parties for fair market value that do not prevent the
     continuation of Company's "historic business" or use of "historic business
     assets" as described in paragraph (ix) below.


<PAGE>


          (ix) There is no current plan or intention by Parent, or a member of
     its qualified group of corporations (as defined by Treasury Regulations
     Section 1.368-1(d)(4)(ii)), to cause or allow the Merger to fail to satisfy
     the requirement for a reorganization set forth in Treasury Regulations
     Section 1.368-1(d) by causing or allowing the Surviving Corporation to
     discontinue the historic business of Company (or, alternatively, if Company
     has more than one line of business, by causing or allowing the Surviving
     Corporation to discontinue all of the significant lines of Company's
     historic business) and failing to use a significant portion of Company's
     historic business assets in a business. For purposes of this
     representation, Parent will be deemed to satisfy the foregoing
     representation if (a) the members of Parent's qualified group (as defined
     in Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-1(d)(4)(ii)), in the aggregate,
     continue the historic business of Company or use a significant portion of
     Company's historic business assets in a business or (b) the foregoing
     activities are undertaken by a partnership as contemplated by Treasury
     Regulations Section 1.368-1(d)(4).

          (x) Parent is not an "INVESTMENT COMPANY" within the meaning of IRC
     ss.ss.368(a)(2)(F)(iii) and (iV). As used in Sections 1 and 2 hereof, an
     "Investment Company" means a regulated investment company, a real estate
     investment trust, or a corporation 50 percent or more of the value of whose
     total assets are stock and securities and 80 percent or more of the value
     of whose total assets are assets held for investment. In making the
     50-percent and 80-percent determinations under the preceding sentence,
     stock and securities in any subsidiary corporation shall be disregarded and
     the parent corporation shall be deemed to own its ratable share of the
     subsidiary's assets, and a corporation shall be considered a subsidiary if
     the parent owns 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of all
     classes of stock entitled to vote, or 50 percent or more of the total value
     of shares of all classes of stock outstanding. For this purpose, in
     determining total assets, cash and cash items (including receivables), and
     Government securities shall be excluded. The term "securities" includes
     obligations of state and local governments, commodity futures contracts,
     shares of regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts,
     and other investments constituting a security within the meaning of the
     Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-2(36)).

          (xi) Except as specifically set forth in the Merger Agreement, Parent
     will pay its expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the Transaction
     and has not agreed to assume, nor will it directly or indirectly assume,
     any expense or other liability, whether fixed or contingent, of any Company
     shareholder. Parent has retained no Company shareholder to act as agent for
     Parent in connection with the Merger or approval thereof. Parent will
     reimburse no Company shareholder for shares of Company Common Stock such
     shareholder may have purchased or for other obligations such shareholder
     may have incurred.

          (xii) There is no intercorporate indebtedness existing between Parent
     and Company that was issued, acquired, or will be settled at a discount.


<PAGE>


          (xiii) Immediately after the Merger, the fair market value of the
     Surviving Corporation's assets will exceed the amount of its liabilities
     plus the fair market value of the liabilities, if any, to which the
     Surviving Corporation's assets are subject.

          (xiv) All Parent Ordinary Shares issued in the Merger will be shares
     of voting stock and, to Parent's Knowledge, there are no restrictions on
     the voting rights with respect to such shares.

          (xv) The payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent
     Ordinary Shares in the Merger is solely for the purpose of avoiding the
     expense and inconvenience to Parent of issuing fractional shares of Parent
     Ordinary Shares and does not represent separately bargained-for
     consideration for Company Common Stock. The total cash consideration that
     will be paid in the Merger to the Company shareholders instead of issuing
     fractional shares of Parent Ordinary Shares will not exceed one percent of
     the total consideration that will be issued in the transaction to the
     Company shareholders in exchange for their Company Common Stock. The
     fractional share interests of each Company shareholder will be aggregated,
     and, with the possible exception of Company shareholders that hold shares
     of Company Common Stock through multiple brokers or multiple accounts, no
     Company shareholder will receive cash in lieu of Parent Ordinary Shares in
     an amount equal to or greater than the value of one full share of Parent
     Ordinary Shares.

          (xvi) To Company's knowledge, Parent has no plan or intention to
     liquidate Company, to merge Company into another corporation, to cause the
     Company to sell or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (except for
     dispositions in the ordinary course of business) or to sell or otherwise
     dispose of any Company Common Stock acquired in the transaction, except for
     transfers .

          (xvii) Not more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power and
     not more than fifty percent (50%) of the total value of the stock of Parent
     will be received in the Transaction, in the aggregate, by Company
     shareholders who are U.S. persons in exchange for their shares of Company
     Common Stock as determined pursuant to the rules set forth in Treasury
     Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c).

          (xviii) Immediately after the Merger, not more than fifty percent
     (50%) of the total voting power and not more than fifty percent (50%) of
     the total value of the stock of Parent stock will be owned, in the
     aggregate (taking into account, to Parent's Knowledge, any attribution or
     constructive ownership rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)),
     by U.S. persons that are at such time either officers or directors of
     Company or that owned stock representing five percent (5%) or more of the
     total voting power or total value of the stock of Company immediately prior
     to the Merger.

          (xix) For the entire thirty-six month period immediately preceding
     the Merger, either Parent or any qualified subsidiary (as defined in
     Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(vii)) or any qualified
     partnership (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section
     1.367(a)-3(c)(5)(viii)) has been engaged in an active trade or business
     outside the United States, within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
     Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(3). Parent has no plan or intention to substantially
     dispose of or discontinue (or to allow any qualified subsidiary or
     qualified partnership to substantially dispose of or discontinue) the
     active trade or business referred to in the preceding sentence.


<PAGE>


          (xx) The fair market value of the total outstanding equity of Parent
     (not taking into account assets acquired outside the ordinary course of
     business, unless Parent is permitted to take such assets into account by
     Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(a)-3(c)(3)(iii)), is at least equal to
     the fair market value of the total outstanding equity of Company.

          (xxi) Parent has not taken any action or failed to take any action
     that is reasonably likely to prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying
     as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and a
     transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of the Code.

     2.   Relating to Merger Sub

          (i) Merger Sub was formed solely for the purposes of effecting the
     Merger and has conducted no business or other activities except in
     connection with the Merger.

          (ii) In the Merger, Merger Sub will have no liabilities assumed by
     Company and will not transfer to Company any assets subject to liabilities.

          (iii) At least ninety percent (90%) of the fair market value of the
     net assets and at least seventy percent (70%) of the fair market value of
     the gross assets held by Merger Sub immediately prior to the Merger will be
     held by the Surviving Corporation after the Merger. In addition, after the
     Merger, at least ninety percent (90%) of the fair market value of the net
     assets and at least seventy percent (70%) of the fair market value of the
     gross assets held by Company immediately prior to the Merger will continue
     to be held by the Surviving Corporation after the Merger. For the purpose
     of this representation, the following assets of Company or of Merger Sub,
     as the case may be, will be treated as property held by Company or Merger
     Sub, as the case may be, immediately prior to the Merger but not by the
     Surviving Corporation subsequent to the Merger: (i) assets disposed of by
     Company or the Surviving Corporation (other than assets sold to unrelated
     third parties for fair market value) subsequent to the Merger; (ii) assets
     of Company or Merger Sub (other than assets transferred from Merger Sub to
     Company in the Merger) that were, to Parent's Knowledge, disposed of prior
     to the Merger and in contemplation thereof; (iii) assets used by Company or
     Merger Sub to pay other expenses or liabilities incurred in connection with
     the Merger; (iv) assets used to make payments pursuant to the exercise of
     appraisal rights; and (v) assets used to make distributions, redemptions,
     or other payments in respect of shares of Company Common Stock or stock of
     Merger Sub or rights to acquire such stock (including payments treated as
     such for tax purposes) that were, to Parent's Knowledge, made in
     contemplation of the Merger or that are related thereto, or that were, to
     Parent's Knowledge, made during the Pre-Merger Period.

          (iv) Merger Sub is not an Investment Company.

          (v) Except as specifically set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger
     Sub will pay its expenses, if any, incurred in connection with the
     Transaction and has not agreed to assume, nor will it directly or
     indirectly assume, any expense or other liability, whether fixed or
     contingent, of any Company shareholder.


<PAGE>


          (vi) There is no intercorporate indebtedness existing between Merger
     Sub and Company that was issued, acquired, or will be settled at a
     discount.

          (vii) Merger Sub has not taken any action or failed to take any action
     that is reasonably likely to prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying
     as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and a
     transaction that is not subject to Section 367(a)(1) of the Code.

     The undersigned recognize that (i) your opinions will be based on the
     representations set forth herein and on the statements contained in the
     Merger Agreement and documents related thereto, and (ii) your opinions will
     be subject to certain limitations and qualifications including that they
     may not be relied upon if any such representations are not accurate in all
     material respects at all relevant times. If, prior to the Effective Time,
     any of the representations set forth herein cease to be accurate in any
     material respect, the undersigned agree to deliver to you immediately a
     written notice to that effect. The undersigned recognize that your opinions
     will not address any tax consequences of the Merger or any action taken in
     connection therewith except as expressly set forth in such opinions.

                                        Very truly yours,

                                        PARENT

                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________

                                        MERGER SUB

                                        By:_____________________________________
                                        Name:___________________________________
                                        Title:__________________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
